Hey everybody,
what's cracking this episode of the Joe Rogan experience podcast is brought to
you by stamps.com stamps.com is a very convenient way to eliminate going to the
post office and doing everything from your office with stamps.com you can print
up official us postage on your home computer with a regular printer.
It's a beautiful thing.
You print it,
you weigh it,
they give you a digital scale,
you weigh your packages,
the mailman comes,
you give them the packages with the stuff printed on it and you're done.
You don't have to do that waiting in line shit.
You don't have to talk to someone who doesn't really want to talk to you.
You don't have to get them to waive all your packages.
If you have a home business,
if you send things regularly online,
this is a huge lifesaver.
Um,
Tom Secura and Christina Palicki,
they use stamps.com to send all of their podcast stuff like their tee shirts and
shit.
Uh,
Brian redband uses it for all the death squad kittycat tee shirts that he sends
out.
Those are all done through stamps.com you'll never have to go to the post office
again.
We've been using stamps.com for a long time and we have zero complaints.
It is truly an awesome service and if you use my Promo Code j r e you get a
special no risk trial plus $110 bonus offer,
including a digital scale and up to $55 of free postage.
So go to stamps.com and before you do anything else,
click on the microphone on the top of the homepage and type in j r e that
stamps.com j r e it will make your life oh so much more convenient.
Go there and enjoy.
We're also brought to you by one 800 flowers.com and I apologize to one 800
flowers.com because I'm half a moron and uh,
I guess I said everything right in the first half of the commercial and then the
second half I said stamps.com listen farmers,
a lot of times I have a lot of shit on my mind.
There's a lot of different things going on and we're doing a podcast podcasts
with Justin Martin Dale and I was just trying to fight off all the gay thoughts
bouncing off the inside of my skull.
So my apologies.
But one 800 flowers.com is another awesome podcast sponsor that we enjoy very
much because,
uh,
it's,
it makes it so that you don't have to go to the flower arrangement store.
What did they call them?
Florists.
You don't want to be caught dead in the florist because if you get caught in the
florists,
that means you lost.
It means you're there with a bunch of other apps.
Don't do it.
Do it online.
And you could be in Cognito,
you can keep all your manly street cred,
but yet get all the love from your woman and make her feel happy.
One 800 and maybe your man,
I mean,
maybe you're one of those dudes just like sending flowers to your buddies.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Look,
you know,
it's not the fucked up thing,
right?
You could send your buddy a six pack of beer and no one says anything.
You could send them some cigars.
No one has a problem with it.
You could send your buddy some beef jerky.
No one will say a thing,
but send your friend one of your best guy friends.
You're heterosexual guy friends,
some beautiful creations of Mother Nature and you will be looked at as some sort
of a Weirdo.
I don't get it.
There's weird rules in this world.
Why is pink a a silly color for men to wear?
Why is it,
why is it a questionable color?
That makes no sense.
It's a goddamn color.
All right,
we're crazy.
Something's wrong with people,
but there's nothing wrong with flowers.
Go to one 800 flowers.com today and because Valentine's Day is just around the
Twitter,
the corner,
as I said,
it torn her because Valentine's Day I have grass fed butter in my mouth.
Folks drinking is bulletproof.
Coffee has got money off.
There we go.
One 800 flowers.com because Valentine's Day is almost here.
Now's your time to order roses for Valentines.
And with this special limited time offer.
Just for my listeners available only until Sunday,
February 9th at midnight,
you can order 18 beautiful red roses for just 29 99 that's $25 off the regular
price.
You really can't beat that deal.
18 roses for just 29 99 and nothing says romance better than red roses.
That's why it's weird if you send one to your buddy,
but it's okay to do,
man.
If your buddy has a problem with you sending them roses,
that guy's an asshole and you need to get better friends anyway.
This offer,
one 800 flowers.com remember it ends February 9th flowers.com is a fantastic
service.
It makes it super easy and convenient to send nature's masterpieces to your
loved ones.
So one 800 flowers.com and remember it ends Sunday,
February 9th at midnight,
18 red roses for just 29 99 do not wait.
Wow her for Valentine's Day.
Go to Wayne on that one,
800 flowers.com from your desktop or mobile device.
Click on the radio microphone in the upper right hand corner and enter in j r e
that's one 800 flowers.com and enter j r e or call 1-800-FLOWERS and mentioned
jre.
We're also brought to you by on it and.com.
That's o.
N n I t.
Now manly men like Cameron Hanes do a lot of lifting weights and they need some
supplements.
They need some protein in their diet.
They need to eat healthy foods and they need strength and fitness equipment,
strength and conditioning equipment like the stuff that we sell at [inaudible]
dot com we're going to have to hook up Cameron Hanes with a Zombie kettle bell
when he's out there shooting elk with his bow.
You've got to prepare for the apocalypse cause shit could go down if you've
never seen a the Zombie kettle bells it,
audit.com.
They're essentially just like normal kettle bells.
But we had an artist named Steven Shubin Junior.
If you look at the big screen,
you can see those,
um,
designed these cool faces.
They're also three d mapped and balanced.
So they work just like a regular kettle bells.
They're not just beautiful.
Their actual functional actually functional.
We have the Zombie kettle bells,
we have chimpanzee,
the primal kettle bells,
which are all the great apes.
We have chimpanzees,
orangutans,
chimps,
and we even have a gorilla and a howler monkey.
The is my favorite though because like my friend Cameron Hanes,
I'm an extremist and uh,
I feel like if 70 pounds is the biggest one we sell,
that's the one I'm working out with.
Bitch.
Okay.
Because I'm a manly man.
That's what I do.
All right.
We said we have all kinds of shit that benefits you at [inaudible] dot com what
we call on it.com is a human optimization website.
So whatever we find that works great and it's good for your health.
We sell it,
even soap.
We have defense soap that we sell,
which is a lot of people.
Um,
there's a lot of confusion when it comes to antibacterial soap.
Antibacterial soap is,
is kind of sketchy.
Like if you use it and you're in a hospital and you're about to perform surgery,
that's one thing.
But if you use that stuff on your body,
the problem is that your body has natural flora,
there's natural bacteria on your body that you actually want to preserve.
That's why it's good to eat probiotics.
Like acidophilus actually promote healthy bacteria both in your gut and in your
skin.
And defense soap is a,
another way to do that.
Defense soap is uh,
uh,
my friend guy who owns the company created this because he is a grappler and he
has been involved in wrestling his whole life.
And when you have a lot of Jujitsu guys are wrestling guys or MMA guys that
they,
they get a lot of skin rashes,
whether it's um,
skin conditions,
whether it's staph infection or whether it's,
uh,
sometimes we get,
I've gotten ringworm from Jujitsu.
You can get a lot of this,
um,
Matt herpes really you and a lot of that is,
can be prevented from hygiene and that harsh antibacterial soap actually can
make it,
you more susceptible to these things because it,
it actually kills the good bacteria as well as the bad bacteria,
but with defense.
So,
but he's figured out is to use tea tree oil and eucalyptus and all natural
ingredients that promote healthy bacteria and,
and kill the bad bacteria.
It's really good stuff and it smells good and it's,
it's,
it's a healthy natural soap for your body.
Just one more thing that we sell it on a.com just like the hemp protein powder,
which by the way will not have to answer this,
I don't know how many times,
but will not make you test positive at work.
Okay?
If you worked for ups and you're worried about pissing hot,
you don't have to worry about it.
Hemp is actually not psychoactive.
And the recent farm bill that just got passed,
it looks like we're gonna be able to grow hemp in America.
Finally,
we've been selling hemp at Onnit com for the longest time,
but we've had to buy it from Canada,
which is so crazy.
That means that American farmers have not been able to make,
uh,
the grow a crop.
That's a natural plant.
It's not psychoactive,
it's not a drug,
but because it's related to a drug,
it's been illegal.
Finally,
people are realizing how absolutely ridiculous that is because we've been able
to sell it,
but we have to buy it from Canada,
so it's great for my friends up in Canada that are farmers.
It's great for the Canadian farmers,
but it is absolutely ridiculous and American farmers and not able to grow.
Hap.
Finally,
we're going to start being able to do that there.
I guess it's going to start at universities in places where it's legal statewide
and then uh,
I'm sure that this wave seems to be spreading and it's going to eventually go
through the entire country because there's no reason to stop it.
It's not a drug.
We're not talking even about marijuana,
which of course I think she'd be legal anyway,
but what this is,
is just the hemp and it makes a fine protein powder.
One of the very best protein powders,
very easily digestible,
has amino Alvie amino acids in it.
It's,
it's got healthy fats in it and we sell it it on a.com as well as well as hemp
force bars,
which are a hemp protein in bar form,
which is great when you're out there hiking in the mountains,
Cameron Hanes and you need some snacks.
We'll give you some hemp force bars keeping your backpack so he stay healthy.
Use a codeword Rogan and save 10% off any and all supplements.
That's o n n I t.com.
Aubrey Marcus will be here tomorrow.
Actually,
we're going to do a podcast with Aubrey and we're going to talk about all the
latest developments at on it,
but until then,
today we have Cameron Hayes,
master bow hunter,
all around Badass.
Cue The music.
Whenever you're ready,
Jamie.
Hey,
it's you forgot the volume.
You fuck
you fucked it up.
At least it's not low.
The computer did.
At least it's not live.
Yeah.
Do you know how to do it or are we done?
No,
that's coming shows over.
Yeah,
it's all rocky podcast by night.
All Day.
It wouldn't be the same if everything came out smooth.
Well Cameron,
first of all,
thanks for doing this podcast.
For people who don't know,
Cameron Cameron Hanes is a,
um,
a famous bow hunter,
which is a rare thing.
It's very rare that someone becomes famous as,
as a bow hunter and in the most manly form of bow hunting ever,
you're famous for shooting the biggest,
most majestic North American animals with sticks.
That's right.
I mean,
that's what you're famous for,
your families for taking out giant bugling elk with a flying stick.
That's pretty bad ass,
dude.
I wouldn't say famous.
You're famous to me.
You're famous.
Uh,
I told him a friend of mine who's a,
a hunting fan,
he's a personal trainer and I said,
I'm doing this podcast with Cameron names.
He goes,
oh,
that's the key pampering guy.
That's it.
So dude,
like,
okay,
one other got you.
And one other guy,
you are famous.
[inaudible] so there's three.
I brought you up to my friend Ryan Callahan,
who,
uh,
works at first light and he said,
oh yeah,
I know who that guy is.
Yeah.
So people know who you are,
man.
Okay.
You have become at least,
uh,
can I say you have notoriety?
Okay.
Yeah,
I'd say that.
Okay.
Some notoriety from killing elk with a,
with flying sticks.
That's it.
Yeah.
How does one go about becoming famous or at least develop Internet notoriety
from killing elk with flying sticks?
Um,
you know,
I think for me it's just,
I dunno,
I just came up just like everybody else.
So it's like,
so what I've done kind of gives other people that didn't have any breaks or just
regular guys hope to chase our dreams.
I really think that's it.
I think that's why people like me.
Well,
I'll tell you how I found out about you.
Um,
I watched a lot of videos on youtube on online,
whether it's a,
whether videos about anything that I find interesting.
And I saw this video of this guy carrying rocks in his backpack,
going up hills training for elk hunting.
And I was like,
what?
What is that?
And I thought about it,
I was like,
that actually is a pretty smart move.
Like,
I've never heard of anybody training for hunting.
I went hunting when I shot that mule deer with Steve Rinella.
Um,
that was the,
uh,
the first time everyone hunting.
And I was amazed at how tired I was.
Yeah.
I was like,
this is ridiculous.
Like I thought I was in really good shape,
but when you're climbing up those muddy hills and the Missouri breaks and
everything's like sloshing and it's,
you know,
these steep hills and you know,
you're doing it for six hours in a row,
like then you get exhausted.
Yeah,
your legs get rubber,
your lungs are burning.
I was like,
I can't believe this.
I was thinking I need to work out for hunting.
But I'd never heard of anybody doing that before until I saw you.
Right.
Well,
it,
you know,
like Elk County and you can get up at sometimes five in the morning to get to
where maybe you put some elk to bed the night before and walks.
So an hour before daylight,
then you're hunting all day and then you get back to camp after dark,
maybe at eight or nine o'clock.
That's a long day.
And as long day people aren't used to doing that.
I mean how often do you work out for 15 hours a day?
Not only that,
but like you,
if you shoot an elk then you have to take that elk back and you have to figure
out how to carry it through the mountains.
Like that's where it gets really crazy because like what's the biggest elk
you've ever shot?
Um,
is probably a,
a Roosevelt bullet killed in Oregon in 2010 and we're figuring it weighed about
1200 pounds is 12 or 13 years old.
Big Animal.
I was huge.
Ooh.
How long did it take you to carry?
1200 I mean that's on the bone.
So once you quarter it and skin it and take the head off of it and the antlers,
how much is it,
how much you carry it out?
About 500 pounds.
You know,
we had a quartered up and then with the Hyde cause don't want her to get it
mounted in the head and all that.
So we had to carry about 500 pounds.
But I had a few guys with me.
So,
you know,
made it a little easier.
Yeah.
Guess you have to bring like a pack crew.
Yeah,
yeah.
No,
they're big animals and that's just,
that's part of it.
But that's,
you know,
when you can go into the mountains or an elk lives every day and,
and like you said was sharp stick,
take it out,
harvest it,
and then so you're,
you're on its home court and then bring it back to your truck and back to your
freezer.
That's,
that's a powerful experience,
you know?
That's the whole,
the whole thing is hard.
Everything about it is hard,
but to be able to do that,
I mean,
it's given me confidence to know that in whatever everyday life I can achieve
things,
you know?
Because that's about as tough as it gets for me.
Yeah.
I've always said that adversity is a very important thing for human beings
because if you don't go through adversity,
you'd never know that you can.
There's always going to be questions.
And every time you do go through adversity,
it sort of adds on to your ability and your confidence in all walks of life.
It's like this tattoo that I have is Miyamoto Musashi,
the guy who wrote the book of five rings.
And when I was a kid and I was a competing in martial arts tournaments,
I read the book of five rings and I remember this one quote,
once you understand the way broadly,
you can see it in all things and once you've gone through the kind of adversity
that you must go through to,
you know,
hike nine miles until mountain,
shoot an elk and then bring that giant beast back and then cook it like,
Oh God is that is you,
you will develop confidence and you'll develop a sense of accomplishment that's
very difficult to recreate.
Yeah.
And that's to do that.
I know how difficult that is.
And so in training,
I try to simulate that as much as possible.
Yeah.
I mean that's where the caring the 130 pound rock up the hill or you know,
for training,
I've run a hundred mile ultra marathons,
you know,
that type of thing.
And basically I just want to,
I want to simulate that misery because I want to know what being miserable feels
like.
If you don't never know,
you never know how you're going to react.
Some people might fold up quit.
But uh,
so I've tried to get there as often as possible.
How did you,
why did you decide a rock?
Why not like weights?
Well,
you can measure way to just try to just go with the rock because it's even more
primal.
Uh,
I dunno,
I just,
I had been seeing this rock,
you know,
I run this mountain all the time,
so I've been seeing this rock and,
uh,
I was like,
man,
I need to get that rock to the top of the hill.
And so I did this seminar at Cabela's and,
uh,
I said,
hey,
anybody who wants to come up,
I'm going to go run the mountain cause everybody knows I run this mountain.
So they came in for the Kybella seminar and I told him,
I said,
if you run them out and I'll give you a free DVD,
just come,
hey,
I'd just like to work out with people.
Just,
you know,
I like to see people sacrificing.
So I said,
I'm going to carry this rock up and we can all go do it.
And I figured,
I mean the Ra,
I figured it's about 70 pounds.
I had no idea.
So I get up there,
I had this empty pack and have everybody there and I'm like,
all right,
just hang on,
hang on for a second.
I'm just going to throw this rock on my pack.
And I like Lyft.
At first time I'd ever touched it.
And I was like,
wow,
this is more than 70 pounds.
And so I ended up getting it up to the top and then we tried to take pictures
trying to,
I couldn't even lift that thing over my head because a rock is just weird,
uh,
to lift.
And,
um,
so I ended up taking it down off the mountain.
I'm like,
obviously there's more than 70.
I want to figure out how much it is.
So it was 130 pounds,
but,
but it was just kind of on a whim,
I guess is how that came about.
And now I just,
now it's just my rock.
No,
it's your workout,
right?
It is.
You allowed to just pull rocks out of the forest.
Is there any regulations about that?
I may have poached that rock.
No,
it's still there.
It's,
I just carried up and down.
I never take it.
I took it to the gym to weigh it,
but it's back.
It's up on the mountain right now.
Okay.
So what would you do if you came there and you saw someone else throw that rock
in their backpack?
He like,
hey man,
there and it,
was he going to do it?
Somebody did.
I think they had seen the rock talked about.
So I said,
hey,
you know,
people are people kind of,
people question everything for whatever reason.
Sure.
And so they like,
oh,
that's not a hard 30 pounds.
I'm like,
okay,
well here it is.
Go pack it to wherever you want.
And Way.
So somebody did move at like 20 yards and I did notice that.
But other than that,
it just kind of sits wherever I leave it that well.
If it's heavy enough,
it's good that nobody will steal it or most people won't steal it,
I should say.
Obviously I don't think they're gonna steal it.
Now,
when you take that rock up to the top of the mountain,
how often you do this?
I do it about once a week.
Once a week?
Yeah.
That's kind of wow.
I mix it up and that's my once a week type,
something different.
Other than that,
I usually just run the mountain.
So once a week.
Once every seven days.
You carry that?
How far are you carrying it?
It's a mile and a half g's.
Yes.
Oh yeah.
That hurts my lower back.
Just thinking about it.
Yeah,
me too.
Oh,
that is there any danger of like doing,
that's like some serious weight that you're carrying on your back like that it's
an awkward way to carry weight.
Yeah.
Do it like once a week.
I tried to think on bulletproof,
but I've found out that I'm not and so,
yeah.
And that's it.
Yeah,
that's the trail right there.
So wow.
With the rock.
That's some serious work,
like the amount of actual physical kinetic work that you have to do to go up a
hill with 130 pound rock on your back like that.
Like,
man,
that's got to get you in some insane shape.
Know it helps,
you know,
I mean,
it's just every,
everything helps mixing it up.
I do a lot of different things,
but that's just one of them.
Now,
was this something that you would always done and then when you got into hunting
you just sort of ramped it up or did you,
did you like really get into fitness once you became a hunter?
That's another shirt I have,
you know,
ramp it up.
Oh really?
Is it really?
Yeah,
it is.
Oh,
no kidding.
But,
uh,
no,
let's see.
So I started bow hunting.
I was,
um,
just a teenager and uh,
it was,
I ended up killing a spike bull elk my very first year.
I think it was 18 or 19.
And uh,
that was,
you know,
to kill a bowl with the bow where I came from.
A real small town.
I mean 20 some kids in my graduating class and so,
um,
a lot of people hunted but to kill a bowl with a bow like special.
And so I got attention for that.
I was like this some positive reinforcement and I'm like,
you know,
this after high school,
after the high school sports and all that,
and trying to find my way,
trying to figure out what the heck I was going to do.
And so I liked hunting.
I liked the challenge of it.
I got some positive reinforcement from it.
So I'm like,
Hey,
this is pretty cool.
Cause I didn't hardly know anybody who'd killed a bolt with a bow back then.
And so,
uh,
I was successful.
But from there I just wanted more one or more of a challenge.
And then,
you know,
I started going into the wilderness into the Oregon's biggest wilderness eagle
cap wilderness.
It's 375,000 acres and uh,
so he can get back in there,
away from people.
And I thought,
well now I want to go to the middle of this wilderness,
cause that would be even more bad ass.
And if I,
he killed a bull back there,
man,
that would be the ultimate.
And so it was just kinda from there I realized how the physical part of bow
hunting where,
where it,
you know,
it was more important.
And so I just,
it's kind of a progression,
you know,
I've always always ran 10 k's and different things like that,
but I figured,
man,
you can't be in too good a shape to,
to challenge that country.
And,
uh,
so I've just,
you know,
I've never,
I haven't reached my limit and I'm trying to,
to try to become,
what I always say is the ultimate predator.
So it becomes,
uh,
a part of like your,
your whole psyche.
It becomes a part of like what you're doing with your life and it comes,
the challenge of it becomes almost as important as what you're doing itself.
Like you're not just going out and getting it out for me,
you know,
which I'm sure you enjoy elk meat,
but it's also,
it's,
it's almost sort of like a spiritual quest.
Oh yeah.
I mean the,
you know,
the most powerful moments I've had have been in the mountains,
in the wilderness after killing a bull because everything that goes into it,
you know,
it's not just the fact that I killed an animal,
it's,
uh,
it's how much I respect animal,
how tough the country is back all the training.
It's just a cumulation of all that work and all that investment of emotion and
everything else.
And so that's,
yeah,
it is,
it's spiritual.
I mean,
um,
by herself back there is a,
as raw as it gets.
It's tough.
And
eating the animal that you,
you've killed.
Uh,
for I just started hunting.
I've been only been hunting little over a year,
year and a half.
And for me,
uh,
the most delicious meals and most satisfying meals I've ever had is venison that
I,
that I've killed myself.
If there's something,
something intimate about it,
I guess it's something,
Ma,
you're much more attached to what you're,
what you're eating.
And you know,
I've never killed anything with a ball,
much less a 1200 pound bull elk with a bow in the middle of the woods.
I mean,
that's got to ramp it up another notch.
It's amazing because he was shooting with a rifle,
you know,
I shot that mule deer from 200 yards away.
That's a pretty far,
yeah.
You know,
you're shooting these animals 30,
40 yards away from you and your,
and they're huge.
Yeah.
No,
they're,
I mean,
they don't commit suicide.
They are,
you know,
they're used to lions.
They're used to being hunted.
So to get into bow range in their red zone,
so to speak,
you know,
that 30 to 40 yards,
um,
that's difficult.
They're dialed in.
They're used to being hunted every single day.
I mean,
they're,
they're never turned off.
And so,
uh,
yeah,
it's tough.
And then you have just basically a sharp stick,
you know,
one Arrow,
you've got the arrows lane over there and it's just,
it's amazing how lethal with the razor sharp broadhead an Arrow can be.
And,
uh,
I've seen,
you know,
there's videos of,
of bull huge bowls I've killed dropping in seconds just from that,
you know,
quicker.
Even then maybe a rifle would kill him.
And that's,
uh,
you know,
that's pretty amazing.
That is pretty amazing.
Well,
one of the things about you is because of all your training,
because of all this lifting and exercise that you do,
you shoot a really heavy bow,
you shoot a 90 pound compound bow,
which for folks who don't know,
like a lot of people,
they'll,
it'll tell you like you don't need to shoot anything more than 60 but 90 I've
never even heard of anybody shooting at 90 I never even pulled one until I
pulled yours.
I mean that's a ridiculously,
I mean that's pretty stout.
Yeah.
So you're,
you're sort of like adding to like this whole reason why he or you're exercising
and all this fitness and getting,
you know,
really strong in really great shape.
You know,
you're,
you kind of have to be in great shape just to use the very weapon that used to
take these animals out.
Yeah.
Well,
and that's true.
You don't,
you don't necessarily have to shoot 90 pounds.
I mean,
people do kill,
there's women out there bow hunting who are very successful with 50 pound bow.
It's true.
You can do it,
but you know,
I want to shoot 90 um,
I what I want on an animal's,
I want two holes.
I want that Arielle blowing through.
So I have two blood,
two wholes spilling blood and that's how I'm going to recover the animal.
You know,
an Arrow kills from hemorrhage,
so not from shock like a,
like a rifle would.
So to get that hemorrhage whereas a 50 pound Belmont going halfway and it might
get into the lungs and it might kill it.
You know,
you might get 12 inches of penetration.
If I go clear through that bowl and it's,
you know,
maybe 24 inches across,
well there's a 24 inch wound as opposed to 12 inch row wound in killing by
hemorrhage.
And so it's just going to be that much more lethal in my mind.
And then if I'm blowing through ribs or through a shoulder or it's cordone way
hard,
so I have to go through maybe 30 inches of of mass,
I'm going to be able to do that.
Yeah,
it's not,
you know,
it's not necessary so to speak,
but it's what I'm comfortable with.
And I think it makes me that more lethal of a bow hunter.
How many other dudes are shooting 90 pounds?
I'm not sure.
Is there anybody?
I Dunno.
Pr.
Yeah,
I'm sure it probably one or two.
Yeah.
I'm sure there's,
there's some,
well,
I just pulled it back and I was thinking when I was pulling it back,
I was like,
imagine pulling this thing back.
If you just climbed up the top of a mountain,
you're absolutely exhausted and then you have this one opportunity to see if you
ever had that happen where you know,
you,
you're really exhausted to work to get to where the elk is and then you're,
you're so tired,
you have a hard time pulling the ball.
No,
no,
I don't.
That's because the train hard.
Right?
Yeah.
No,
that's,
that's never been an issue.
Um,
you know,
but it's because you prepare for the average person.
I mean,
90 pounds is,
it's really difficult to lift.
I mean,
you're essentially,
you're using two hands sort of,
but a bulk of the work has got to be in your right arm,
right?
Yeah.
I mean it's,
it's difficult,
you know,
where I think would be more difficult as if you're sitting in a tree stand four
hours freezing and then a buck walks by and you have a 90 pound bow.
That would be hard.
That would be,
cause you're not warmed up,
you're not active.
So that could be difficult.
But I did use,
I had that bow for a late season back home and it was cold.
It was like seven degrees and I had been up there for hours and I'm just like,
okay,
this is going to be a test now if I can,
if I can pull this back and I was able to,
and so well it's just because you trained so hard.
Yeah.
No,
I mean,
yeah,
if you,
if I didn't do what I do every day,
there's no way.
That's great.
Many other guys are doing that.
How many other guys are like in shape and treating this almost like a sport?
Uh,
there's more,
you know,
there's,
there's more doing it now.
Um,
especially guys out west.
But you know,
I get,
I get emails from Georgia,
from people.
It just,
you know,
and what I found is it,
like you talked about earlier,
it kind of gives your life purpose.
You know,
everybody has a job,
people have families,
everything else.
And they just Kinda,
they need to find something that can define them or motivate them.
And now all of a sudden training for hunting is something,
you know,
before that was,
nobody ever did it.
So now maybe that is what's making a difference in their life.
And so,
um,
you know,
and I still get people who they don't like it.
They,
they don't like feeling like they have to train to hunt.
And so I get criticized a lot for my approach also.
And what do they say?
Oh,
do you doing getting shape,
really doing good and strong and healthy and so what kind of criticisms and they
come up with here though.
Yeah.
It's uh,
it's pretty,
I don't know if it's funny,
it's been irritating,
but I just kind of blow it off.
But how does it actually irritated?
Yeah.
Yeah,
a little bit.
We're going to get tougher.
You got to work on that aspect of your training.
Okay.
I do definitely.
But they'll say stuff like,
oh,
Cameron says you have to be able to run a marathon to kill an elk,
which is,
I've never said that I do that,
but you don't have to.
And uh,
or you know,
I've just,
I saw something the other day that says,
oh,
uh,
you know,
my approach is what's wrong with hunting today?
It's like I will be in healthy and strong.
Yes.
I Dunno.
Not eating sugar and not drinking alcohol,
eating healthy foods and working out.
Yeah.
You're,
what's wrong with the world man?
Basically all these healthy fuckers out there ruining it for everybody else.
I know he's fat guys like to sit and tree stands,
blow farts there.
They're upset guys.
Like you are out there doing something exciting,
I guess.
I don't know.
So anyway,
yeah,
I do get,
I get criticized just because,
you know,
hunting and hunting for some people is kind of a,
just to get away and there's nothing wrong with that.
You know,
you want to,
it's a vacation.
Sure.
It's not something you want to gear your life around and that's okay.
I get that.
You don't,
you don't have to train everyday if all you're looking for is just to get away
and relax.
There's nothing wrong with that in any endeavor,
whether it's a game or a sport or even martial arts.
I mean,
there's nothing wrong with taking a martial art class once a week just for
exercise.
You like my friend Joey Diaz,
he's,
he's big,
he's overweight,
he takes Jujitsu all the time.
It's not trying to get his black belt.
He just wants to get,
get his blood pumping and get a,
get a little,
a little workout in there.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Right.
And then I have another friend who's a,
he's beating world champions,
my friend Ed.
He's a,
you know,
a black belt and like one of the best in the world.
So it's like those both approaches are okay.
Yeah.
It's okay to be obsessed with something and it,
and pursue excellence and it's okay to just enjoy it as a pastime.
Yeah.
The problem is that the people that enjoy it as a pastime,
they're always to re,
there's kids,
this little nagging thing in the back of their head.
For some of them,
like especially the weak ones,
that they realize that you do it better than them or they realized that if they
went hunting with you,
they couldn't keep up.
Or they realize if they ran with you,
they can't keep up.
Or if they realize they tried to live with you,
they couldn't lift as much.
So they're like crabs in a bucket.
You know what crabs in a bucket I like.
No.
If you have a bunch of crabs in a bucket and one crab tries to get out of the
bucket and the other crabs grab him and pull him down.
Gotcha.
And that's what always happens.
I guess just that's the number one problem with the world.
It's crabs in a bucket.
Yeah.
The number one problem with this world is people,
instead of being inspired,
they look to criticize people.
Instead of looking at someone who works hard and does something amazing and and
looking at their own life,
they find fault or they find weakness or they,
they,
they find themselves not to add up,
not to measure up and so they get upset and instead of finding that
inspirational and say,
you know what?
I do have a belly.
I do need to get to the gym.
You know what?
I do drink too much.
I got to stop doing that.
Instead of that,
they just start shitting on this one thing that causes them to feel insecure,
not even realizing that that one thing has the potential to empower them.
Right now.
I don't know if,
I mean it could be what's going on,
but 100% that was fat fucks to 100% what's going on?
It's 100% man.
I know it because I've felt those feelings.
I felt I've,
I've felt insecurity.
I felt jealousy.
I felt all that,
especially as a young man before I figured out how,
how to train my mind and how to embrace someone who's better than me and embrace
someone who inspires me and look for it amongst my peers.
Look for it.
Even amongst my enemies,
I try to be inspired by people.
I don't even like,
you know,
I tried it.
Like if I find someone that I think is like someone who's a,
a bad comedian who's a joke fif who's,
uh,
but they work hard.
I try to take that aspect of them that works hard and only concentrate on that
and find inspiration in it because then they become valuable to me right now.
Then I can see the negative aspect of their behavior and that becomes valuable
to me because I realized it reinforces what's bad.
But then the good aspects of it,
whatever it is,
you could find just something in someone that you don't even like,
you could find like something that they do that,
that can inspire you.
Right.
And you know,
I don't want to,
I get mostly all positive and um,
people inspire me.
They say that I've helped her motivate them and this and that,
that inspires me also to,
to,
it holds me accountable.
You know what I mean?
Cause now I've created this thing and it's what I love,
but it also holds me accountable.
Like,
Hey,
I got to keep,
I got to keep it up for the people.
You know what I mean?
And,
um,
so that's,
I mean,
99% of what I get is positive,
but it seems like you remember the 1%
got to train yourself to not do that.
Yeah,
that's,
that's mental training,
mental training as well as physical training.
Believe me,
man,
I've gone through it and,
uh,
I,
what I say is,
it's like snake bite venom.
Like when a snake bites you,
if a snake bites you for the first time,
I mean,
you're fucked.
You're,
you're sick.
You've got to go to the hospital,
you gotta get an Antivenom,
you're in a lot of trouble.
But if you just get a little bit of venom,
a little bit of venom every day,
over time,
after a while the snake bites and you're like,
bitch,
get outta here.
This shit ain't gonna work out.
You got to develop the ability to understand what it is.
Yeah.
And I feel sorry for people and when I just see ridiculous criticism,
I laugh.
Like someone will come into my office sometimes,
like my wife's like,
what are you laughing?
I'm like,
AH,
some guys make it fun of me.
It's just hilarious.
I just reading what they say about me makes me laugh.
If,
if I really thought they were right,
it would bother me.
But if I,
you know,
if I have done what I need to do and I've done all the work and I have assessed
myself and I'm objective,
then I can find folly in their weakness.
Right?
Yeah.
But you're an inspirational dude for sure.
Because you inspired me.
Uh,
I saw some of your videos.
I said I like a guy who's going for things.
I like a guy who's,
it's not easy to run a ultra marathon.
It's not easy to take 130 pound rock,
put it in a pack and walk up to the top of the hill.
When I see people doing stuff like that,
I get like,
this is like ramps up inside me and I want to go work out.
I want to go do something,
I want to get shit done.
I think people like you are really important though.
The,
the,
the type of people that do things like that,
they,
they provide energy for countless other people,
whether you're aware of it or not,
you know,
I know that you did to me.
So I know that I'm not unique in that.
I know that other people who watch your videos feel the same way.
They get excited about it and you cause motion.
You cause you cause effort because of what you've done.
You get people excited and that inspiration actually causes things to him to
take place.
Yeah.
Well thanks.
Thanks.
This is,
you know,
it's what I love to do.
It's um,
and it's just preparing for crunch time.
Basically getting out there and preparing to,
to be the ultimate Predator or not,
not fail when all the press,
you know,
like when we're filming for a TV show,
um,
there's a lot of pressure.
These hunts can be expensive.
You're traveling along way away from your family.
There's a lot at stake.
There's a guy with you who's being paid.
There's a big investment.
So I don't wanna I don't want to fail when it comes down to that moment,
not only for me but for other people who sacrifice.
So that's,
that's basically what the work's about.
And I think it's cool too that you feel that people are inspired by these things
and it actually like motivates you to,
to ramp it up another notch to keep it going even further.
Oh yeah.
No I don't,
I haven't hit my ceiling,
you know,
I'm trying to get better.
Just such a bad ass,
manly approach to life.
You know,
elk hunting with a bow and being an expert at that.
Do you have a regular job?
Yup.
What's your regular job?
I'm supposed to be at work right now actually.
Oh really?
You got off,
you got a good boss know that I think I'm sick.
Oh really?
Not.
They're going to find out this is,
this is a bad move then.
No,
no,
no.
Um,
let's see.
I'm a buyer for the local water and power company back home.
So I've done that for 18 years.
So you do that 40 hours a week.
Yep.
And so how do you find the time to do all this other stuff?
Just make it happen.
Wow.
Yeah.
It's just what I do.
So,
uh,
yeah,
I mean I,
you know how it goes.
I'm sure you've been there before where if,
if I don't get my workout in or if I don't do it,
I'm just in a bad mood,
you know what I mean?
Cause it,
and uh,
so we just make time to make it happen.
And uh,
just what I do.
Well,
this is the other part about working out about the bad mood part is that your
body sort of develops this,
uh,
this habit of,
of pumping out energy.
Right?
You know,
like when you get in shape and you get your body that really fit and you get
your body used to exerting these,
you know,
these big explosive burst of energy like lifting or Jujitsu or whatever it is,
your body sort of rec ramps up for that.
And then it's like,
hey,
where's my release?
Right?
Like,
Hey,
we're ready to go.
Why am I going to fucking office man?
What's going on here?
I'm only going to kill something.
I'm going to shoot a bow at somebody.
What's going on?
Why can't I lift weights?
Yeah.
Hey,
hey,
this is kind of crazy.
And you,
you don't have that release.
And I think our bodies are probably designed for a certain amount of that being
that we were,
you know,
for who knows how many thousands of years we were hunter gatherers and we
essentially share the same DNA.
So as human beings that lived 30 40,000 years ago,
it's not much of a difference between us and them.
There's gotta be a lot of the old reward.
The,
the,
the reward mechanisms of life like still in our DNA.
And I think that people who don't exercise those reward mechanisms,
you're missing out on a lot of what it is to be a person,
a lot of what it is to be like excited by life.
It's um,
there's something like pretty intense about,
uh,
just fulfilling those reward mechanisms.
And I think hunting is one of those that I didn't realize until I started
hunting.
I really didn't realize like what an intense connection.
You're like your,
your,
your mom.
I want to say your spirit,
but that's not the fucking,
that's a word.
It's been hijacked by somebody shitheads wearing crystals around their neck.
But it seems like there's something in you that like,
it opens up this weird path than like,
oh,
you didn't even know this was there.
This,
this Predator path,
this path of connection to the animals,
connection to the wild world,
going out there and getting an animal and eating it.
And,
and I don't even mean it in like a macho,
like,
look how cool I am way I really mean it in a spiritual way.
There's this weird spiritual connection you have to the mother earth when it
provides for you to the animals of the wild itself.
When you go out and you get one and then you,
you use it for sustenance.
Yeah.
No,
and that's,
you know,
people who think it's just about getting meat.
Like I heard,
I think you're talking with John Hackleman,
he didn't really understand hunting at all.
Yeah.
But,
uh,
you know,
did they think it's a kin to go into the store and buying a steak?
It couldn't be further from the truth.
I mean,
it's exact opposite of that.
Really.
Yeah.
You're,
you're getting meat and yeah,
you're eating it,
but it's the,
it's a connection.
It's the,
it's everything else that's,
that it's all about,
that's where the power comes from.
And a man without that,
I don't know.
I mean,
that's everything to me,
that's,
that's my life,
you know,
just gearing up for that is what I do so well.
I do a lot of exciting things.
I'm very fortunate person and whether it's standup comedy or whether it's a
working for the UFC,
the things that I do,
I truly love doing and they're very exciting things.
I mean,
when,
when the UFC starts,
when the fights are going on,
I never feel like I should be anywhere else.
I'm always very excited to be there.
Honey is even more exciting than that.
Yeah,
the annex,
it's accessible to everyone.
Whereas like not everybody gets to be the commentator for the UFC.
Lucky for me,
I'm the only one or you know,
there's a couple other guys that do it when I'm not doing it,
but they're not as good.
Thank you very much.
Appreciate that.
I,
I think a lot of them are really good,
but this to me,
but you know what I'm saying,
it's like that's a job that may be five people on the planet get to do as far as
do commentary for MMA three and UFC,
WWE,
but hauntings,
everybody can do it.
Yeah.
A lot of people can do it,
you know,
and you,
that's the other thing that I really like about your approach.
You go on public land,
you,
you do it in the national forests,
you do it in the areas where they're accessible to all these folks.
Yeah,
you can,
you can get a tag just like everybody else.
You get your license just like everybody else and you go out there and it's not
like doing one these canned hunts.
This is a,
this is,
this is really like the American wilderness
entering into,
yeah.
And that's,
you know,
I have,
so I've had guides,
like when I go someplace where a guy's required Canada or,
or different places,
but,
uh,
we're,
I basically need made a name for myself,
was in the wilderness by myself onto the solo hunts.
And you know,
to tell you the truth,
I was worried.
I think,
let's see,
I wrote an article is either 99 or 2000.
I went with my buddy South Cox.
He's from California here.
The Dude,
you changed his name.
Now he's a stud.
He's north Cox is like
south stuff with the fucking parents hate him or something.
It would call them South Cox.
It's CLX.
Oh,
whatever.
Courtney.
Yeah.
So,
so,
uh,
we went and we both killed good bowls and I killed a buck also.
And I wrote this article about it and the,
the photos were awesome.
Um,
the,
uh,
just the whole experience is good and I thought this is going to screw up my
hunting because this is public land,
this eagle cap wilderness.
And uh,
this is probably the last time this hunting is ever going to be good because
people are going to see this and they're going to want to do it.
And now where I didn't see anybody for years,
um,
there's going to be tons of people.
Well,
the next year came around and went back in there.
There's nobody there.
And it's so,
you know,
I ended up writing a book about that type of hunting and still nobody was there.
And the bottom line is yes,
it's available to everybody,
but it's very tough.
And you're in year 12 miles from the nearest road and you're living off your
back.
And some of the most unforgiving country there is,
that's just never easy.
And so people try it.
And I've taken,
I've taken friends back there who,
who I wanted to love it as much as I do.
And you know,
we're back there for a day,
two days,
and they're like,
dude,
I'm ready to go.
And uh,
I'm like,
what are you talking about?
You Ready?
This is,
this is how this is as good as it gets.
They're like,
this is,
isn't what I expected is going to be late her.
Yeah.
No.
And so the thing about it is just because you love it,
not everybody's going to love it.
And it's,
it's something that you can't make them know.
And so they see the photos,
they see the video,
they see the animals,
and they're like,
man,
that is awesome.
I want to do that too.
Unless it's in you,
it's just going to be a struggle.
And so it is,
it is available,
but it's,
it's still tough.
It's like taking someone who's a rap fan to your favorite country concert and
were like,
Jesus,
what's wrong with you?
And you're like,
come on man.
Yeah,
yeah,
no,
it's,
yeah,
it's gotta be,
yeah.
It's not for everybody.
Well,
that's the beautiful thing.
Yeah.
But life,
there's a lot of choices.
There's so much variety.
There's so many different things that you could be into.
The,
you know,
one of the real problems with life is people want you to be into what they're
into.
Right.
And if you're not into what they're into,
there's something wrong with you,
or they're not into what you're into.
There's something wrong.
Right?
Yeah.
But the thing about that is I don't need anybody to be into it.
So I was just like,
so my buddy Roy,
who I started hunting the wilderness with,
he moved to Alaska and he's just a stud that he was my partner.
We,
we both like had the same mindset that there's no sacrifice too.
Great.
We can't be in enough pain.
It doesn't even matter.
And he moved.
So I'm like,
okay,
I need to find some,
I tried to find somebody to take and eventually I figured out there's nobody
like really Roth.
So I'm just either going to quit hunting there or go on my own.
And so I just was like,
it's,
you know,
it's on my own.
And so that's where I started doing the solo wilderness.
Hans.
And,
um,
you know,
this,
like I said,
it's a good thing about,
you don't need anybody else.
People don't like doing it because you're so far out of your comfort zone.
We're so distracted with everything that's going on in the regular world,
that being in the wilderness where there's nothing is overwhelming for a lot of
people.
It's just,
I mean it's,
it's difficult mentally.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm just being alone in the wilderness is gotta be like a very rare experience.
Like people freak the fuck out when they're alone in the wilderness.
That's a scary thing for them because they worry about getting trapped.
They worry about getting injured and not being able to get out and no one's
going to be able to find them.
Like,
have you done to have a satellite phone and a backup satellite phone and a
handgun just in,
there's a lot of fear involved in being in the actual wild itself.
Yeah.
And they're,
they worry about stuff they make up stuff to worry about.
I mean just to,
just to give him a way out.
And so that was,
and that was,
that was true for me too.
I mean,
it was overwhelming for me.
I didn't go back in there in the mountains for a 10 day solo.
Huh.
Right out of the gate.
I went for like one night,
like I went on a scouting trip and then stayed one night,
then came out.
And it's just kind of baby steps into it because,
um,
it's,
you know,
if you,
if you pull,
you know,
I don't know how many people there are here in la,
but how many people have stayed out overnight and in the mountains by themself,
it's can be very many people.
I mean,
it's,
I dunno five.
Yeah,
maybe.
I mean,
it's,
it's just not something people do in this day and age.
And so it's because it's,
you know,
it's,
you're out of your comfort zone.
But if you can do that,
and that's why I became good at that.
And actually then I,
I,
I loved it.
I remember,
let's see,
it was a,
um,
let me think.
What,
I don't know.
Whatever.
I can't remember the year,
but I killed a six by six bull elk by myself and it was my best bull and I got
out of the wilderness,
has little Toyota four wheel drive.
I had this,
this bull loaded up and I was just so pumped.
Finally got cell service out on the highway and I'm driving home in,
uh,
I called my wife and I was like,
I was like,
hey trace,
I killed a six by six bull and she's like,
Princess Di died.
I'm like,
what?
She's like,
Princess Di died.
I go,
who cares?
Killed a six by six bull.
It was just like,
you are so you know,
to everybody else,
Princess Diana,
Diane was just like,
you know,
the world's going to stop,
but when you're back in the wilderness and you killed a six by six bullough,
nothing else matters.
And that's,
I just remembered.
That's the difference between living back there where it's just about,
am I going to find a place to sleep tonight?
Am I going to be warm and we'll have food?
That's it.
That's all you care about.
Well,
we're inundated by information these days.
We have like constant information coming at us from all around the world,
the 7 billion people in the entire planet.
It provides stories.
So anytime anything happens that's interesting or extraordinary or scary or
disgusting,
you're going to hear about it.
And if you just sit in front of your computer like I do some days,
like some days man,
I get on Twitter and I just can't stop clicking.
I'm just like,
what?
That's not real.
Oh my God,
it has real holy shit.
And I retweet it.
And then you know,
like you,
you could lose your day,
your day.
It doesn't exist.
What you're doing is just,
you're just collecting all this information from around the world,
but it's not your life.
Your life is just Cameron Hanes,
left foot,
right foot,
right foot.
And what do I see through my eyes were,
you know,
who's around me?
Where am my loved ones that that's your real life.
That's it.
But you know,
he's sitting here wondering about whether or not,
what if,
when you shot the Arrow right as that Arrow hit,
that ball princess di died,
that would not be fucked.
If that'd be crazy.
Maybe somehow some way I killed her.
Maybe that some good,
look,
there's a stranger.
Things have happened.
If you know,
if you believe in those things,
if you believe in uh,
the synchronicities of the world,
that would be crazy.
That would be,
that would be quite poetic because if,
cause if your wife's like Princess di died and you're like,
yeah,
I know.
Yeah.
Right through the lungs.
So it was a double lung.
She was in the form of an elk.
She was a spiritual elk,
right?
She,
she bugled and I shot one right through the lungs.
She was hot but not,
not as hot as that bull elk at that moment.
So it was,
I dunno,
I dunno.
Maybe if that was like a eight by nine bull elk,
it could've been her.
I don't think you're supposed to say she was hot,
I think is she was royal.
She's not really hot.
She has some royal hotness.
You think so?
I think so.
Not My,
so
I don't think she didn't just die.
I don't think she could get down.
I thought I thought she was partying when she,
she died in a car wreck,
right?
Well,
she was running away from the press.
Right.
Wasn't it like a Paparazzi situation?
The boyfriend,
she's partying.
Yeah.
She had a boyfriend,
right?
Yeah.
Was it was that was up.
She was breaking up with Prince Charles and she has,
her life was in turmoil.
That makes her hot.
I did not my type,
I'm not into that kind of check.
Okay.
She,
she doesn't seem like she could get down,
but that's just me.
I mean all due respect.
Rest in peace,
Mrs.
Yeah.
That's a thing though,
man.
People do really get caught up.
Like my wife tried to tell me some stupid celebrity shit the other day and she
was going on about some things.
Can you believe it?
This said that and that's it.
I'm like,
I don't want to give a fuck.
I literally don't give zero.
I give zero fucks.
Like let's stop talking about this.
So much shit to talk about,
but those salacious,
gossipy things that gets people so interested,
it becomes so fascinating.
It become overwhelming.
I'm guilty of it too,
man.
Somebody puts some thread on my,
a message board the other day about,
uh,
it's probably bullshit,
but it might be true that Bill Clinton had an affair with Elizabeth Hurley.
Do you see that?
Man?
I thought about that shit all day.
I thought about it all day.
I kept going back to the thread.
Seeing what,
what recent,
what new developments first I got two things out of that.
First of all,
Tom Sizemore can't keep a fucking secret whenever you do,
don't tell Sizemore who you're banging.
Cause that motherfucker spills the beans.
Don't trust heroin addicts,
but the truth,
that's one thing.
I'll write that down.
Yeah,
trust me.
And the other thing is I think that Bill Clinton is the last of the great
American Presidential Dick slingers that Zit playboys,
it ends with him.
There's no,
you can't do that anymore.
We are going to be reduced to a c.
Not that there's anything good about being that guy because obviously he was
kind of a creeper.
You know what I mean?
He,
Bill Clinton was one of those weird guys that would just like whip it out on
girls.
Like if you talk to,
I didn't talk to,
but if you read some of the accounts of some of those women that were like
really angry at him from Arkansas,
he would get alone with them.
I just whip it out.
There's him,
Hurley for sure.
He hit that right.
God Damn Woo,
but that's it.
We're not going to have any more of those,
those guys.
No,
no,
and when you're talking about different things,
here's how it,
how it affects me.
So people talk about,
well,
Obama did this,
this or that.
I'm like,
okay,
do I have to go to work tomorrow?
Because if I have to go to work tomorrow and not much has changed in my life,
if I don't have to go to work for some reason,
then I'll start paying attention.
That sound,
that's how I figured it out.
Well,
that's a good way to look at your own life and that's a good way to,
to manage your own life.
The problem of course is that this is supposed to be some sort of a community.
Are Our country supposed to be some big giant community and the people that are
running this community that are in charge of dictating the rules and the
regulations are clearly screwing it up.
Clearly this is not the optimum way to run any country.
I don't know if it's possible to optimally run a country with the mess that's
been created before the people that got into power in power before,
before they got into positions of,
of,
of having any control.
There's probably so much bureaucracy and crazy shit behind the scenes as far as
like special interest groups and lobbyists and the massive web is probably so
deep.
You can never hack through it all,
clean it all up and and come up with some sort of a rational system.
So you've got two options.
One,
you could obsess on it and work feverish visually until your fucking heart stops
beating and then you die and angry person.
This system sucks,
boom,
and it pump your heart blows in your chest and you fall down and shit your pants
and die in agony.
Or You just live your life saying,
okay,
I'm going to leave that shit to somebody else,
let them run it,
and I'm going to go wandering through the woods with pointy sticks.
I like your approach better.
Well,
I think whoever is running the country,
they do a much better job.
If they were bow hunters,
if they had been in the mountains and actually tried to survive and then maybe
even killed an animal and,
and that was took it back to their family,
I think they'd probably be a better commander in chief.
I think that's probably true.
I think if they were a martial artists,
they'd probably be a better commander in chief.
I mean,
I'm not a huge fan of Putin.
I think Putin has kind of a psycho,
but I respect the fact that he's a black belt in judo and he is a,
you know,
he's a real martial artist and he sort of carries himself in that way.
Like if Obama and Putin were going to throw down,
poon would fuck Obama up.
That bothers me that that disturbs me.
You know,
I,
I wished my president could kick a little ass.
Hello.
Nothing.
It's the most important thing in the world.
But supposedly he plays basketball,
whichever video clip I was seeing to him playing basketball,
he looks like he sucks at that too.
So supposedly plays pool and I'll fucking give him the six out in the brakes
anytime he went to gamble.
It's do it,
do it.
Obama,
come on.
You've got to spot.
I think,
um,
I think that any,
any like very,
very difficult thing that anybody does,
whether it's bow hunting or martial arts or anything where it's incredibly
difficult to accomplish something,
it sort of separates the,
the,
the people that will quit from the people that figure out a way to succeed.
And that's really that,
that overcoming adversity is,
that's where character comes from and that's what the things that we all admire
and that shit's hard wired into us,
man.
The admiration of that,
like just as simple as me watching your video of you carrying that rock up a
hill.
I mean is it important that you carry that rock up the hill and the greater
scheme of the universe?
No,
it's not.
But to me it was because to me that day I was like,
this motherfucker is doing some shit that I probably can't do right now.
And when you see that and like make sure,
like I don't want to be able to carry that rock up the hill.
All right,
well if I'm going to fucking start out with a 35 pound plate and we carry that
up the hill,
I'm going to work my way up to that big rock.
And that,
you know,
that inspiring each other and the,
the ability to push yourself to these incredible heights is really one of the
more exciting aspects of being a person.
It's one of the things that makes being a man or a woman.
I mean,
I guess being a woman,
I'm not a woman,
so I don't know.
I've thought about it sometimes.
Would it be like?
Um,
but it makes it,
it makes,
it gives you thrills,
it gives you excitement.
It gives you like these,
these feelings of accomplishment when you achieve things there.
There's some of the greatest moments in life.
And I feel bad for people that have never stuck their neck out.
I feel bad for people that have never taken chances,
not because they're less,
because they're not less,
they're just,
they haven't reached their potential.
It's not that their potential is less.
I feel like probably inside all of us,
we all have the potential for greatness in one way or another.
As long as we don't have any obvious physical problems.
We,
we didn't get delta a terrible genetic hand of cards with a disease or something
like that.
But if you don't have that,
I think all of us have potential.
We just did.
I feel bad for people who don't at least attempt to reach a potential in some
way.
Yeah.
And that's,
you know,
for me,
I don't know,
I didn't feel,
I don't feel like I'm any different from anybody else,
you know,
because I've been back from my early twenties I remember I signed up for a 10 k
race,
6.2 miles back home and quit.
I mean,
I was,
had been partying,
I dunno what,
19 or 20 and uh,
just whatever,
not in shape.
And I'm like,
why am I doing this?
And stepped off the course and that I've never forget,
I'll never forget what that moment felt like being a quitter and that,
that was,
that is crazy.
But the point is,
is,
so if I've been that guy who quit a six mile race and I've come and now you
know,
have done,
you know what I,
what I can do or what I finally believe or figured out I could do,
anybody can,
you know what I mean?
I'm not like crazy talented or,
or have all this ability that just is natural.
It's just,
but it's what I've,
what I'm doing and we're not chasing what I work for every day and I've been
able to achieve what some might consider,
you know,
big accomplishments and I'm just a regular guy.
You are regularly,
hi,
but you're a regular guy who puts it out there and when you put it out there,
that's what creates that energy.
That's what creates that inspiration.
That's what creates action.
Because people will watch your video and go,
man,
I'm going to the fucking gym.
And they'll go to the gym and they'll start lifting weights or they'll do
whatever it is that they do that they,
they'll get inspired by your hard work.
Then watch that video of you getting up early in the morning and going running
when you don't want to.
When they see you tired,
everybody feels that everybody's seen that alarm clock go off or her that alarm
clock go off.
I'm like,
I do not want to get up now that everybody knows that feeling,
but it's overcoming that feeling,
right?
It's developing that muscle of discipline where you look at that alarm.
Yeah,
hit it.
And you just just get out of,
you know,
I had an ex girlfriend,
um,
back when I was fighting who,
uh,
she,
she used to get angry at the way I would get up because uh,
you know,
she had to work and I,
I was a comedian.
I had,
you know,
a bunch of different,
like small time jobs.
But when I would get up I'd get up angry because I had sort of,
I this thing that I would do in the morning,
like before my morning workouts about training,
I would,
uh,
the alarm clock goes up and I would get up,
like my life depended on it so the alarm would go off,
I'd hit it and I just fucking jump out of bed.
Like the house is on fire because I was like,
that's the way to do it because anything else is weak.
Like I had a real problem when I was young.
Like I didn't want it.
I was so crazy when I was competing.
I compete in martial arts from the time I was like 15 till I was 22.
That's all I did.
And I was so crazy than I thought it was weak to want sex.
That like wanting sex with my girlfriend was like a weakness and that pleasure
was a weakness.
Wanting to taste good food was a weakness,
and so I was going to be miserable.
I was fucking crazy.
It was completely crazy.
But I would,
I,
that alarm clock would get up,
the alarm clock would go off and I would get up angry.
I'll get up angry and urgent and that's how I'd wake up.
I'd just wake up instantly camp.
We got to go and I'd get my shoes on and do my run or whatever I did that day in
the morning and you know,
she would go,
will you fucking stop doing that?
You fucking try me crazy.
You get up.
I think the house is on fire or something like that.
Yeah,
she,
she's overreacting.
Got Rid of that bitch.
Got a better one.
It wasn't,
she was overacting.
I was fucking crazy.
I wouldn't have wanted to hang out with me when I was 19 I was a fucking maniac.
But you know that that's probably better than hitting that fucking snooze button
10 times in a row.
Yeah.
You know,
the developing the discipline,
the,
the muscle of discipline.
I get that through inspiration.
I get that through knowing that they're like watching a video of you seeing that
alarm clock go off,
knowing that you're tired getting up and working out like you a instagrammed a
picture from Vegas when you were at the shot show,
you look in totally exhausted and you're lifting weights.
I'm like,
fuck yeah,
he's doing it.
That's what you gotta do.
You don't want to lift weights,
good.
Go lift weights.
You know,
you're tired.
He's always,
always an excuse.
Yeah.
There's always an excuse.
But when you get through it,
you realize like it's life is a lot of times not about doing what you want to
do.
Life is about doing what you say,
what you're supposed to do or what you should do,
and then knowing that when you want to do it,
it'll be even easier then.
Yeah.
No,
I,
you know,
that's part of my routine and people always ask,
well,
so what do you,
what's your routine for getting shit?
I'm like,
it's real simple.
Actually.
I got it on my shirt right here on shoot.
I lift,
run,
shoot every day.
Well,
what about,
okay,
so every day,
every day you don't take Sundays off.
Nothing.
Every day you don't take a day off a week for anything every day.
Wow.
That's funny to me.
Days off every day to the bottom.
I take days off on,
I like days off and people,
people post,
hey,
I would like days off too,
but I can't do it.
I just can't do it mentally.
No,
can't do it.
That's interesting.
But people have this one guy I remember he posted on my,
I don't know where it was,
Facebook,
I think he's like,
he's like,
yeah,
you know,
I've been following you for a long time,
but you know everything you're doing that it's just too much.
I'm like too much.
What?
Too much for who?
For too much for you or too much for everybody.
And so that was like my whole thing is now I want to,
I want to be the guy who does too much cause how do you do too much?
Right,
right,
right.
Too much for it.
I mean who determines,
is there a council that says,
okay,
it's been determined you're doing too much.
So I know what you mean.
Yeah.
Well we,
we used to think is too much is now the norm.
Right.
You know,
I mean if you stop and look at like as far as like exercise,
like think about like what people used to do for exercise and now what people do
now,
like no one trains harder than MMA fighters.
Right.
And MMA fighters,
the,
you know,
you deal with a guy like say a,
you know George Saint Pierre or John Jones,
they're training twice a day at least.
At least twice a day.
Yeah.
And they'll take off recovery days or like Randy couture,
we used to take very few off days.
He would do what he would call active recovery.
So instead of wrestle lift weights,
maybe he would go mountain biking.
You know,
maybe he would do something like,
you know,
something like where he's moving,
he's getting some exercise in it,
but he would do like,
what did we call an active recovery day?
Maybe go hiking,
you know,
it would still work.
But you're forcing your body to understand that your body,
this is what you do,
Dude.
This is what your body does.
Yeah.
And it might,
I mean for those guys especially,
and it might be for one minute,
they're five might be over in a minute.
Yeah.
It could be.
They're doing,
you know,
like I watched your ride the other night.
I know how hard he works and first round over.
Yup.
That very,
that was a very unfortunate ending too.
Um,
and it was very unfortunate for Uriah in a lot of ways.
First of all,
he went into that camp,
um,
right after the Mcdonald's fight and he had an injured knee and an injured
hamstring entering into the brow fight.
So he had a pulled muscle in his hamstring,
a partial tear.
And uh,
his knee was fucked up so he couldn't wrestle.
So not the most optimum conditions to be fighting,
not just for a world title,
but against easily one of the four baddest motherfuckers to walk the face of the
planet.
That Barao is um,
he is a beast.
Yeah.
That kid is so good and he hit your ride with one leg kick early in the fight.
We see your right leg give out.
You see that?
Like that limp.
There's a limp that a guy gets when you know that Shin really slammed into the
meat of the muscle.
There's this like stutter step that they give.
I was like,
oh boy.
Yeah,
it's long,
long night for your idea.
And then he got tagged.
Yeah.
Even worse that unfortunately he got Steve Rinella.
Dino's Steve or no?
Yeah.
Hey Man,
I'm doing a fucking podcast with Cameron Hanes.
I'll call you back.
Yeah,
Dude,
call me if you want to get,
he wanted to get on there.
Yeah,
probably.
He's like,
listen,
this guy's full of shit.
You need a 60 pound bow and that's it.
This guy's a maniac.
Stop all your lifting.
This dude's Goddamn Billy goat.
We went pig hunting,
uh,
two weeks ago and,
you know,
just following him up the hills.
Jesus,
he doesn't get tired.
Yeah.
He's,
he's,
he has no muscle mass.
You know,
he's just thin guy,
but he can go for days for days,
just doesn't get tired.
You know,
I was,
I was shocked when we were,
uh,
in Montana because I'm in pretty good shape,
but I was following him up these hills and I'd be like,
and he'd be like,
nothing.
Nothing.
Not even breathing.
Having,
yeah.
That,
that's what really got me onto this idea of a,
of exercise and hunting being together and that the hunting is a difficult
thing.
Is that you carrying this?
Uh,
yeah.
Look at the horns on that thing.
Oh my God.
Those antlers are giant doing lunges there.
Is that what you're doing?
No,
no.
He just picking it up.
Yeah.
That's a good way to do it though,
right?
Yeah.
Now is that,
is there any exercise that you do specifically to deal with the fact that you've
got so much weight on your back?
Because when you're packing out like that and you're only talking about the
rock.
Yeah.
But I mean what I'm saying is to compensate for that,
not just doing that and carrying the rock,
but is there any other,
like do you do like,
um,
like those Roman chair exercises or something to strengthen your lower back
because it seems like,
like your core and a lot of,
a lot of the areas of your back are really taxed your spine carrying a lot of
weight on you on a pack like that.
Well,
I mean I'm working core all that all the time from planks to all the lifts that
I do to shooting a bow is can be core.
You know,
I mean,
you're trying to hold steady,
you're engaging your core.
So yeah,
I do.
And running the mountain,
so whether I have the rock or not,
I'm running that mound.
And when you're on an uneven trail and you're joking around and stepping in
holes,
you know,
you're engaging your core.
So,
and then of course we do,
you know,
different regular lifts,
dead lifts and whatever else.
So,
I don't know.
I tried to mix it up.
Yeah,
I would,
I would imagine that there's a lot of crazy muscle groups involved and not just
carrying that,
uh,
that rock out,
but just shooting that bow.
Do you balance out your body because you're pulling so hard on your right side.
Do you ever pull your bow just with your left side just to balance it out?
No,
I just,
I think the lifting helps that,
you know,
I mean,
because lifting is pretty much,
you're engaging both sides equally.
So the bow,
the bow just is what it is.
I probably,
I probably am a little unbalanced,
but you wouldn't be able to tell.
But just from,
you know,
27 years of doing it or whatever it's been.
Yeah.
My friend Steve Maxwell was a pretty famous strength and conditioning expert he
wore,
he works with a lot of people that,
uh,
have imbalances like kickers in the NFL.
Right.
And he gets him to kick of the opposite side.
And one of the things that they've found is that when you use your weaker side,
um,
know,
like say if you have a strong side and they,
they found this with Jujitsu as well,
it actually enhances your ability on your strong side.
Hmm.
So,
um,
if you,
uh,
I find that playing pool too,
I shoot pool lefthanded sometimes like if I'm playing my daughter,
if I'm playing someone who sucks,
I'll shoot to lefthanded and then sometimes when lefthanded comes up,
like if there's a shot that I can't reach right handed,
I'll shoot lefthanded and if I practice lefthanded then my right hand becomes
better because I'm concentrating,
I have to concentrate so hard.
He's my left hand because it's all like,
yeah,
it doesn't know how to move right.
Taffy,
it's not thinking right.
And my right hand just falls right into place.
They say that using your weak side actually enhances your strong side using
your,
your less dominant side.
Yeah.
I don't know if I could shoot a bow.
Laughs.
I mean,
I know you could don't say you couldn't.
You could 100% yeah,
no,
I'll bet everything I owned that you could shoot a boat left.
And the only difference in between that is,
you know,
you have your dominant eye.
Yes.
Right.
So to shoot lefthanded I'd have to use what isn't my dominant,
I have to use my left eye to aim.
Yeah.
I don't think that'd be a problem.
You know what I started doing recently at the rain just started shooting
lefthanded because I was shooting so many rounds with my right that I was
fucking up my right shoulder.
Oh really?
The 300 win Mag.
Oh,
oh yeah.
I was slamming that thing into my shoulder so many times.
I was like,
let me just fucking shoot a bunch of rounds lefty.
That's why rifle on his bad because this,
the,
the shock,
the impact.
Just get a muzzle break.
Too Noisy.
It's definitely noisy.
But I got these cool earphones that you listened to.
Um,
they're,
um,
they,
they cancel the sound out except talking like the sound of gunshots gets muffled
radically.
Perfect.
I can hear you loud and clear if you're talking to me like it.
Actually I can hear you louder than I could with my ears.
It actually enhances the sound.
Yeah.
My friend Justin is a gun nut.
Told me about them there.
They're incredible.
Justin Martindale.
No,
no,
it's different.
That back deck.
He's a different kind of gun that Justin [inaudible] Justin Martin Dale is a
different kind of gun nut but he is a gun that
science.
But um,
I found that like shooting lefty,
like practicing lefthanded.
It made me like so happy that I could go back to right handed because there was
so much better at it.
You know,
I think that if you,
uh,
well you're so good at shooting bone Arrow anyway,
but if you did start shooting lefthanded but I bet it would make your right hand
better.
Yeah.
Maybe.
Have you ever thought about getting a Hoyt to make your left hand and go,
I think they do it.
Let's do it.
Let's call Hoyt up to,
I just want to thank you and Hoyt for bringing me this awesome bow Hoyt,
which is one of the best bull manufacturers on earth,
brought uh,
this Hoyt carbon spider turbo for me.
And it is amazing.
We shot a couple,
shall we actually have a little bit of a archery set up back here in the back of
the studio?
So we shot a couple of targets with it,
but this boat was sick.
Yeah,
I have one just like it.
It's amazing,
man.
It's really,
really awesome.
It feels great.
I bought,
I brought the factor.
Yeah.
Yours is 90 pounds.
Mine,
the one who brought me a 70 pounds,
which makes me feels like a little girl.
I have to ramp it up.
Yeah,
that thing's incredible.
I was amazed at how hard that is to pull back to.
It's really hard.
Yeah.
I mean it's like,
you know,
it really is like doing a 90 pound row.
Yeah.
You know?
I didn't know it.
And it's a lot of it's technique.
You know you want to push at the left pole with the riot,
but he has got a lot of power and that's um,
I built that or had them build that for me to hunt those a water buffalo and
Australia and then I'm going to use it in Africa and Cape Buffalo too.
Yeah,
Jamie had that video up.
Jamie pull the video up so he could see that a water buffalo,
there's a,
it's a long stalk,
a long patient stock on this buffalo.
And I would imagine you would want to get a bunch of trees between you and him
just in case shit got hairy and he had a duck behind one of those trees yet.
The thing about this,
so these animals here is they catch,
they catch movement.
So if,
if they're not looking while you're moving,
they don't,
they can't pick that up.
So it's about going slow.
And then if he looks,
of course I stop.
So it's just about,
it's like right here.
So I stopped because his head's up and so he can see out of his eye,
I'm not moving.
I puts his head down.
And one thing I did,
I figured out on these things is they might put their head down and pretend like
they're eating,
but really they're looking,
so you've got to be able to tell.
He'll have his head down,
but if he's not ripping and grass side decide he's not eating,
he's just testing me.
So he might have maybe picked something up,
but he put his head down but his mouth wasn't moving.
So I just stop.
I'm like,
okay,
you're trying to,
you're trying to catch me here.
But um,
as long as they don't see a move,
you can,
you can walk right up right there.
And I get to 40,
I'm not sure what we're filming here,
but we get to 46 yards.
And,
um,
the crazy thing about this is,
is I want to let his,
his leg go forward so I can slip that Arrow in as its legs forward,
opening up his vitals and I waited too long and you can watch this Arrow and it
clipped a tree in between me and it and it hit the Arrow hit a little lower than
what I wanted because it hit that tree.
But I have,
you know,
90 pounds and so much force.
It was,
it ricocheted,
caught a little bit of energy from that tree.
What was lessened but it still went in and heart shot on that buffalo shooting
it.
Yeah.
So Watch,
watch that tree.
The the curved one.
So I want his legs to go forward
and you barely,
barely,
barely caught that.
But if I would have had less poundage that could have,
so right there,
that's a heart shot on him and he has no idea what happened.
So he's taken off and their vitals,
that looks like a bad shot.
Like if you were hunting elk,
that would be too forward and too low.
But on those,
that's where the,
uh,
the heart is.
So you have to know basically write tunes.
Yeah.
It's a little bit different on those animals then what?
We're here in North America.
And so you see he's gonna run into a tree here.
He's pretty wobbly.
And so,
I don't know how many seconds this was,
but you got a 2000 pound animal with the,
just a razor sharp stick and he's down in a minute,
maybe a minute and a half.
That's,
that's a lot quicker than they're ever going to die in a natural habitat on
their own.
Well,
no doubt.
And that's one thing that people need to understand when you're talking about
animals and hunting animals,
uh,
in know people that are opposed to it.
They need to understand first of all,
that in order you to do proper conservation,
to take care of these animals,
to make sure that their herds,
the population is strong.
You have to call some of the animals you have to,
because otherwise they're going to die of starvation.
They're gonna,
you know,
they're going to get diseased.
There's,
there's a lot of issues involved if you're not introducing predators.
And then if you introduced predators to take care of the population,
well then you've got a whole nother problem obviously,
and a,
and they're actually seeing that right now in parts of this country with a,
with wolves when they reintroduced wolves.
I mean they're,
they're really ramping up wolf hunting now and Idaho.
Yeah.
No,
because the wolves are just tearing up elk.
Yeah.
And it's,
yeah.
Decimating population.
Yeah.
You know,
like in Australia there,
um,
there's no predators.
So those buffalo there,
there's too many of them right now.
There's no limit on buffalo.
You don't need a tag,
you don't need a license.
They just want him killed because they're,
they're not native.
Those are Asian water buffalo.
So they were brought over to Australia.
They're not native.
And so there are so many of them where there once was water and there's fish and
all sorts of things.
Now it's just basically a mud hole because it was buffalo get in there and you
know,
they,
they piss in there,
they do live in there,
killed everything.
So they tear up the habitat,
they tear up the Wa,
they ruin the water source.
And so now they just want to kill it.
So when I was over there,
I killed three of those big old things.
And you could kill 20 of them if you want.
They need them gone.
Wow.
That's the same thing with New Zealand as well.
Right.
And New Zealand has an issue with non native species.
Yeah,
yeah,
Yup,
Yup.
That's it.
You know,
you know there's,
if,
I don't know,
there's tons of non native species in Australia.
I think I see the guy who was with Adam Green tree,
he killed,
uh,
it's not a Dingo,
but it's uh,
sorta like a Dingo,
but it's not a pure bred cause those are protected.
But uh,
so like kangaroo yoked to use the chat room is falling the Cameron Hanes
program.
Yeah.
That's would not want to tangle with that room,
man.
That's,
you don't need to be that Jack to be a kangaroo.
See,
he's,
he's wasting his time.
He's getting crazy
now.
But uh,
yeah.
So it's,
it was,
it was good getting over there and seeing different animals and learning from,
uh,
let's see,
Adam Green tree and Owens Strawn are over there and they've awesome bow hunters
and,
uh,
you know,
getting a new country is just what I love to do.
Yeah.
And the non native species things that are fascinating thing to me because
that's what we're dealing with in northern North America with the wild hogs that
had been introduced,
they were introduced with the Europeans and they've run rampant all throughout
California.
We were in a to hone ranch.
Oh,
right.
I went hunting with Rinella and they have 50,000 hogs and this one ranch.
I mean,
it's fucking everywhere.
Yeah.
It's insane.
See these herds of them.
Oh,
and they tear they,
I mean,
they're written around tearing up the ground.
Yeah.
And they breed all year round.
They're just constantly making babies.
And so there's a,
there's certain ranches in,
uh,
California in southern California.
There they're begging people to come on their ranch and kill hogs.
You know,
in Texas famously,
they,
they're,
they're shooting them out of helicopters.
Yeah.
I mean they actually have companies that take people on helicopter hog hunts and
that's what they're all about.
They just fly around,
they find the hawks and they're shooting him out of the sky.
And part of it is novelty and in that,
you know,
you get to hunt from a helicopter,
but part of it is necessity.
Oh yeah.
You can't get to these damn things you do to reduce the number somehow.
Yeah.
Not the non native species thing.
It's very fascinating to me and you know,
just the,
the understanding of,
of population control is one of the things that I've really become fascinated
by.
What?
By getting into hunting,
understanding what the fish and wildlife,
what they have to go through in order to,
to figure out like what,
how many tags to give out,
right.
What,
what the numbers are that they need to,
uh,
where they need to let animals recuperate where they need to to to go in and
take some of them and reduce them.
It's a fascinating thing.
And one of the most efficient programs in our country as far as like you want to
talk about like government programs?
Well,
fish and wildlife is a government program,
but damn,
it's effective,
effective and efficient because it's run by actual hunters and fishermen and
outdoorsman.
Yeah,
no,
and,
and the thing about,
you know,
hunting people still,
if you're not a hunter,
it's hard to understand or some people still don't understand why in this day
and age you need to hunt.
Well,
you know,
like I,
I work with the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation.
There is a number one conservation group out there and they've,
they've helped protect habitat,
I think over 6 million acres now of habitat for elk.
So that's from hunters,
hunters dollars,
you know,
it's conservation groups.
So hunters,
the money we pay for tag and license and everything else to use to be in,
out there hunting with the weapon.
That's what goes into helping these animals.
You know,
elk numbers now have never been higher.
That's,
yeah,
we're hunting them,
but we're also pain and con,
uh,
contributing to the health and habitat.
And for elk and other wildlife.
And that's,
that's what people don't understand without putting a value on those animals,
then that's where,
I dunno,
that's,
that's where everything goes sideways.
But because we value them,
we're willing to pay money and help and we got outfits like the Rocky Mountain
Elk Foundation that just do amazing work for us.
Yeah.
I know why we're their mindset.
I know,
I understand where they're coming from.
The people that are anti hunting,
um,
it's the,
they're coming from kindness.
I mean,
they don't want you to kill these cute animals and they don't want you,
they,
they feel like it's a cruelty thing or that it's an evil thing to go out to
nature and find these beautiful things and shoot them and kill them.
I understand the mindset,
but it,
like many things in life is not nearly as cut and dry as everybody wants to
paint it.
As everybody wants to depict it.
It's,
it's far more complex and complicated issue and they have a hard time believing
that someone could have a deep love for animals while still hunting them.
Right.
No,
it's a,
I don't,
you know,
I don't think anybody could respect a bull elk more than I do.
You know,
maybe the same,
but it's,
I think about elk hunting every single day and those bowls are man once,
I don't know,
I dreamed about killing a six by six bull elk or first of all,
I didn't know if I had what it took.
I just like,
am I good enough or am I tough enough or can I even do this?
I mean,
maybe I can't,
maybe I'm not even capable of it cause I,
I could kill some animals.
Like it killed a spike bull.
I killed some smaller bowls,
but a six by six bull mature herd bulls.
What every hunter dreams of,
and for folks who don't know what you're saying,
six by six means six homes and I'm a size six points on each side.
Yeah.
This is an enormous them.
For folks who don't understand,
you're talking about the antlers antlers that are bigger than my arms.
Yeah.
Longer and thicker.
Even then my arms.
Yeah.
Kay.
So I killed a six by six bowl this year in Colorado or in 2013.
And it was about 10 years old.
So to do that,
he's been through 10 hunting seasons.
He's endured 10 winters.
I mean,
tough,
tough animal.
And so for a long time I didn't know if I had,
if I had what it took.
And that was when I finally did do it is when Princess di died,
like I said.
And so that was when I,
when I called,
it was just like,
all I can think about it is I finally proved to I could do it.
And that's up.
That's powerful.
That was the first time that you'd ever done it.
Yeah.
There's one right there.
Yeah,
that's more,
that's more than the six by six.
That's a,
that's it.
That's a monster books.
He's got an extra time in there.
But uh,
pull up,
pull up a video of elks.
Bugling I know we played one of those before just so people can hear it because
there's one on my,
uh,
on my youtube from Colorado this year and the bowl's coming up the hill.
Bugling and it's so loud.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
What does that,
what,
what's the,
you know,
the name of the video?
Um,
it should be something Colorado,
um,
cam in Colorado or something like that.
Well,
Jamie,
you'll find it,
but the,
that animal itself,
the,
the elk is,
is almost like a mystical animal to me because if you've heard one,
I've heard one call before we were in Mount Rainier.
We actually weren't even hunting.
We were looking for big foot.
I was there.
My friend Duncan,
he didn't find it,
dude.
We found them.
I just like to keep secrets.
I'm not like Tom Sizemore.
I'm not all blabby.
No,
we,
um,
it was,
it was for the sci fi show that I did called Joe Rogan questions everything and
uh,
can hear it.
Yeah.
If you go to like,
like eight or nine,
eight or nine minutes.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's see.
Can we,
can we hear the Oh yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
Oh No.
This is where I took a selfie of a bull coming in.
I was past that.
Maybe were,
am I right in there?
Yeah.
Turn.
Can you,
can we,
oh,
there we go.
Listen to this.
How far away is that?
Right now?
He's about 70 that's him.
That's so,
yeah.
Listen to this.
Yeah.
And that's a carbon spider turbo.
That's an 80 pounds out of carbon.
That's a spider turbo.
That's before then.
That was last monologue.
That is amazing dude,
that we'll just put the hair on the back of your neck.
Wow.
And so you have this scope in your hand that's a spotting scope that shows you
the distance is the distance.
Okay.
Rangefinder range finder.
Wow.
So he,
he's about 18 yards right here,
but he's going to get the wind,
so I have to try to stop it.
I did that with my mouth.
I'm trying to stop him before he smells me.
So he spooked right here and he goes to about 25 right here.
My son Tanner's filming.
Oh,
right there.
So it was a perfect shot.
And you'll see,
here's how you see how lethal a a bow is.
He's bleeding on the other side.
Yeah.
Heroin went clear through.
Wow.
He probably doesn't even know what the fuck did this happen?
No,
he's,
he's looking for a bull.
He hears that other bowl,
his bugle,
and he just got in a fight with a bowl.
Now he's like,
he doesn't feel so good.
Wow.
So that's it.
That's a dozen animals.
Seven Times bigger than you.
Yeah.
And that was just with a sharp stick.
And that's,
so that's what you dream of is about every bow hunter dreams of that.
And how many of those have you ever killed?
Oh,
I don't know.
Probably 30.
Wow.
Dude,
you must have the most ridiculous freezer at home.
Yeah.
Now the freezer's full.
Definitely.
What kind of a freezer do you have?
Do you have like one of them walk in freezers?
I have to just two freezers to big giant freezer in the garage.
Yeah.
And it's full of bear and elk and everything else.
You probably never have to go to a supermarket for me right now,
we still like a good beef steak.
Every once in a while.
You know,
I buy a,
I buy my beef from Adam Laroche.
He's,
uh,
he,
he has a ranch in Kansas and it's just,
you know,
that beef is raised,
no steroids are no,
it's just free range and that's where I buy my meat from.
He's um,
he's another hunter he saw on that show,
but commanders,
he plays for the Washington nationals.
And is it a all grass fed?
Yeah.
I mean it's as good as it gets.
The farm that we hunted on in Wisconsin this year as my friend Doug,
Doug [inaudible] and uh,
he actually has cows on his farm as well and raises them.
Grass Fed gave us some of the beef is delicious.
Macing people don't realize,
man,
when you're feeding cows,
these,
these diets that are unnatural,
them giving them corn,
they all,
all fat and shit.
Like I was at a restaurant the other day,
I tried to give me some of that way Goo beef,
like it's our finest beef might get that sloppy fat,
stupid animal away from me.
Shrunk and animal.
No,
this one is they get them drunk off beer that they're feed them beer and
fattening them up when you're not supposed to have all that fat and the marbling
now got a nice grass fed steak and it's,
it's,
you know,
lean very lean.
It's darker.
It's a deeper red.
It's more like a game animal.
Yeah.
It's not as lean as elk and um,
and but like you said eating,
is that Steve Calling again?
Texting shut this fucking thing.
I'm Steve.
Yeah.
How dare dairy.
But I've been in Colorado in that high country there and that's about 11,000
feet.
That's up in the mountains and I killed a bull,
I dunno,
I think it was three years ago and we cut out the backstraps built a fire and
cooked it.
I actually put it on one of my arrows cause my arrows are aluminum and cook.
The backstrap skewered on an Arrow over a fire and I don't care where I've eaten
or the Food I've eaten is,
it would never be better than that right there in the mountains.
Killing or eating a animal I just killed is amazing.
We did that in Montana.
We had a liver and liver and heart that we had killed the two hours ago and we,
uh,
we cooked it up at the campfire and we were all just like,
ah,
this is in Christ.
So good.
Yeah.
And the taste,
it's so vibrant to like the taste of elk.
Elk is extremely delicious animal.
It's a,
it's got a really unique flavor to it.
Yeah.
Almost sweet.
Right.
Well,
and it's just,
you know,
so I was as cutting that back strap on a rock dirty hands,
just a knife that I'd got it.
It's just like,
so whatever.
Um,
I don't even know how you'd describe it,
but it's just,
I don't know,
it just feels like that's,
that's how it's meant to be.
That's almost how it feels like I'm meant to live.
You know,
it was just out there living in the,
in the mountains and I dunno,
just
powerful.
Even not killing an animal.
There's something to me about the mountains that's insanely appealing.
Um,
I just,
I love being in the mountains.
It gives you this weird,
I I've,
it sounds like very hippie,
but I believe that when you are in these areas,
like when you were in a mountain and there's all these trees and there's a river
or stream or whatever,
I feel like there's energy coming out of those trees and there's energy in that
hill and then these,
these life forms,
these,
these plants that grow there in the wild and they're these vibrant things that
have existed without any human assistance whatsoever,
and we'll be here probably long after we're gone.
There's,
there's something to them where when you're in that environment,
you feel it.
You might not even know you feel it,
but sort of like you don't know.
When you breathe in smoggy air,
you're just breathe in smog air and then you get to a mountain and you get that
mountain area and you're like,
wow,
this is different.
And then you're around those,
those plants.
I feel like,
I mean it's not like they're communicating with you,
but I feel like they give off a vibe.
Yeah.
That wasn't after he smoked a bunch of potluck.
I ate a bunch of books,
he even stone cold,
sober,
mad,
but that the Pi would definitely enhance.
No,
I believe that too.
You know,
I've,
I've been,
there's this place I used to go and camp by myself and eagle cap and are just
like on this rock shelf looking over this huge canyon.
And um,
so I was,
I was sleeping there one night and uh,
you know,
stars are out and just before dark eyed,
glassed about 300 yards away,
a bunch of big horn rams and sheep are just like the holy grail of hunting.
Right?
And so I was watching these sheep and it's just like,
it just,
so,
I don't know,
it's so amazing that moment.
So I went to bed and my bivy sack there and I woke up in the morning,
the sheep were still there except there was one less.
And I'm like,
I wonder where the heck that other ram went.
Well,
I went over there and found a lion had killed a ram the night before.
And so I found his leg.
I'm like,
oh,
okay.
Well here's one reason why he wasn't with them,
but it's just like those,
those rams or they're feeding a one got killed by a lion.
They're still,
they're feeding.
Nothing had changed.
I mean,
the wind was still blowing to,
they were still feeding,
but one was gone.
And it just,
to me,
it's just like,
man,
he,
I could die back here.
Nothing,
nothing changes.
I mean,
you are just,
you really figure out how you fit in.
Nobody see nothing cares back there.
It's just like,
that's just the way it goes.
There's life and death and nothing in the wilderness changes.
And that's just,
to me,
that was powerful.
You know,
you feel,
you really feel,
um,
how you fit in and it's,
you don't have much of an impact really.
You know,
who needs to feel that?
Who's that?
Kanye West.
Take that motherfucker bow hunting.
There you go.
Take them bow hunting and why he's in his little tent and he hears what,
yeah,
here's some mountain goat.
Get taken out.
Well,
I think a lot of people could benefit and couldn't.
Kanye,
almost everybody could benefit.
But have you ever had any encounters with mountain lines?
Um,
let's see.
I've had a shot at one.
I've never killed one.
I've never been with dogs,
you know,
hunting lions.
So it's just kind of been on happen chance.
But,
um,
I was still in that same country and I was walking on the top of this cliff and
I was looking down at the rocky mountain to goats.
I don't know.
Have you ever seen a goat?
It's a white with the little black horns.
Well,
they live up and notoriously steep country.
So I'm up on top of this cliff looking down at the goats and it was just by
myself sneaking along and I look up further down the down the cliff and there's
a lion standing there watching the same goats.
So I was on,
I didn't have a tag for the goat,
so I was just kind of watching them.
They only give one tag for that area.
It's really,
really tough to give,
but still they're just awesome animals.
And,
um,
so I looked down and there's a lion watching the same goats and you could see
they,
if those goats get too high,
they get killed by the lion.
So they kind of stay a little lower.
It doesn't,
they figured it out.
But that line is just waiting for one to make a mistake.
Why was just seconds from being able to get a shot?
Cause I had an ally in tag mountain lion and,
uh,
you,
you guys can't hunt them here,
but we can hunt them and in Oregon,
but now we're not with dogs,
but,
um,
I was seconds from getting a shot and right before he looked at me and,
took off.
So I've seen that line.
Um,
I've,
uh,
I saw a lion chasing a cow elk back there.
They're,
they're a nocturnal.
You just don't see many lions out in daylight unless our hunting like that.
But,
um,
I've seen him.
Do you hear them like when you're camping?
Um,
yeah,
they may.
Yeah.
You,
you know,
I may not have known what it was,
but,
uh,
they do make a noise and like you need,
you've ever heard,
you know,
and that's lions and it can just tell him.
I Dunno,
it'd be hard to describe but a shot.
No,
I can't,
I can't do a line impression.
No,
I can't do it.
not like that.
No deeper.
Yeah.
It's a no,
that's more like a bear.
But uh,
yeah,
I dunno,
but creepy.
Yeah.
Something.
Right.
Exactly.
Something that you were like,
that's weird.
Have you ever seen the photo of the,
uh,
the lion and the ram dead on the road?
Well,
they had fallen off the cliff yeah.
With,
uh,
the line and the ram
or duking it out.
Yeah.
And uh,
apparently they both went over the edge.
Yeah.
That to me is one of the most powerful photographs of the struggle of nature of
the,
the Tooth Fang and claw of the wilderness.
And that happens all the time.
You just,
you or you just don't have pictures of it.
Yeah.
It's not on a road,
but uh,
yeah,
that's,
they deal with that all the time.
Both of them deal with that all the time.
Yeah.
And you know,
it is what it is.
Yeah.
Nothing,
nothing changes that picture Jamie.
It's a crazy picky.
Yeah,
this is the picture.
Yeah.
The series of them,
the two of them lying down on the road.
I mean,
that is such a powerful photograph.
Yeah.
It just makes you realize like what an insane struggle it is to try to be
surviving as an animal
in the wilderness.
That's all snow.
Pile it up there,
you know,
it's cold.
It's,
I mean,
they're out there 365 days a year trying to survive.
So that's why I think about,
I,
I think about what they go through when I'm working out and it's just like,
there's so much tougher.
I mean,
we're such so weak as a society,
you know,
we're used to laying on the couch watching TV,
having everything while a bull elk is laying out there in the rain and the snow
and the whatever,
getting so tough.
And so I always think about there's this gap between me and a bull.
I need to close that gap because it just getting wider and wider every day for
most,
you know?
So if you can close that,
if I can get tougher and tougher and tougher,
I'm going to be more on an equal playing field and be more of a Predator like a
lion,
you know what I mean?
Or a wolf.
How did you decide to specialize in elk?
Um,
it was just the biggest animal near you in Oregon.
Yeah.
He's just like,
you know,
it was probably the most respected and regal animal that I could afford to hunt.
You know,
I didn't,
when I first started hunting,
we bought,
uh,
a deer tag.
There's like 1150.
I couldn't afford an elk tag because they were 25 bucks.
I was like $25.
There's no way I'm ever going to hunt elk.
And,
uh,
so that's just the way it was,
didn't have any money.
And then once I could afford ALC,
um,
it was that year that,
uh,
that I killed that one with the bow.
And,
um,
you know,
so I'm in at like 30 bucks.
I'm like,
I need to get my money's worth out of this thing between,
uh,
you know,
I think it went up a little bit,
so it was 27 50 or something like that.
But,
um,
yeah,
that was it.
There was just,
it was just the biggest,
most respected animal.
A bull elk is just like,
man,
you know,
I could never dream hunting sheep at that time or,
um,
buffalo or whatever.
So it was elk
and elk.
I mean,
if you've got 500 pounds of meat off an animal,
what is that worth?
Moneywise I mean that,
what a bargain for a $25 tag.
Get 500 pounds.
Well,
obviously you have to pay your equipment
and your time and your food and everything.
Get Out.
It doesn't pencil out.
Once you,
once you figure out the time and yeah,
you know,
you look at these bones right here,
these are,
you know,
shoot,
by the time you get this boat set up here with arrows and everything else,
it's like 2000 bucks.
So you don't want to pencil it out that it's not,
it's not about the value of it,
you know what I mean?
So,
uh,
it's just about more about just the
[inaudible].
And why did you decide to go to Australia to shoot these a water buffalo is just
for the experience of it.
Yeah.
Just um,
I wanted it,
you know,
it's like when I'm not hunting,
I dunno.
Just being in my office,
working at my regular work,
I feel like
I'm dying basically.
Do you really?
Yeah.
I just feel like what your boss is listening right now know that it's like,
what the fuck can you like it here?
No,
I do like,
like you in the office.
Well,
I mean,
I like it there.
Damage control.
Sorry boss.
Hey listen man.
I felt like I was dying when I was doing fear factor.
I know what you're talking about.
No,
but I just feel like that's not what I'm,
what you want to do meant to do
need.
I need a,
I need to be outside and need to be challenged and so I'm,
my God,
what can I do?
And so came out,
um,
it was in December just recently.
And I'm like,
I want to go do something I've never done.
So Hawaii,
it hooked me up with Adam down there in Australia and I wanted to do,
actually when I first decided to go there,
it was,
it was just going to be to give away a bow.
What I do with the Bose after I get done shooting them for the year is I hold
these contests and it's like when camps Bo and I just say,
um,
if you want to win my bow from last year,
show up at this time and beat me at any challenge or beat me in the challenges I
put out there and you can have my bow.
And so I was just going to do a Winnebago in Australia because I have so many
people that ordered my shirts and hats and,
and everything else from down there.
I'm like,
I need to get down there and see these people.
You know,
I just wanted to,
I just felt so much support down there.
Oh,
that's cool.
Yeah.
So I asked Hoyt,
I said,
I want to do a Winnebago down and down there.
Can you help me set it up,
you know,
with the pro shops or the archery shops down there.
So just kind of turned into a hunt at the same time.
I'm like,
yeah,
I'll,
I'll do a Han also.
So that was what I did,
the hunt.
Then I did the wind Candace bow contest and it was just tied it all together.
And what was the,
the condos would they have to do to win your bow?
Um,
they had to beat me at running a well,
so we ran,
then we did push ups,
then we did pull ups and then we did 100 yard shot.
So if you beat me at those,
you get my bow.
All three,
they have to beat you at all of them for,
for all four of them.
Yeah.
And then if nobody would,
if they only beat you have three of them,
not the night.
Next to know.
Then I get to choose who I give it to a,
so I give it away either way.
I mean I'm,
I'm not like
you guys suck.
I'm taking my boat home.
No,
I just,
then I get,
so the thing is I'm going to give it away to somebody.
If somebody beats me at all of that,
it's no questions is your bow and if nobody does,
I choose out of the contestants.
And so I ended up giving it to this um,
13 year old girl there.
And um,
I just liked her heart,
you know,
it was a hundred degrees and like a hundred percent humidity.
It was just brutal.
And uh,
we were running,
we ran 12 laps around this,
uh,
like it,
I think it was cricket field,
but it's about,
you know,
a five k like 3.1 miles.
And so we're running in a,
nobody beat me at that,
but she was just out there grinding and sweating and hot and just showing a lot
of heart.
And she did the pull ups and of course didn't win the pull ups and she did push
ups.
And then at the hundred yard shot,
she made an awesome shot.
I mean,
she wasn't the closest,
but made a good shot at a hundred yards at this three d Bullock.
And uh,
you know,
there's other people who beat her there,
but I didn't think anybody showed as much harder.
She did.
So I gave her the bow and you know,
it was an 80 pound bow.
So obviously,
I don't know if I told her,
I said,
you don't need to keep it.
You can sell it and buy clothes.
You can do whatever you want with it.
The point is,
is your effort to me one this boat today.
That's cool man.
And it's up to you.
That's really cool.
Now when you um,
went out there,
uh,
hunting the water buffalo,
you camped out there?
He camped out there in the bush.
Yeah,
there was,
there was actually a,
we stayed in this village from the aborigines.
They were,
we thought they were going to be there,
but there's actually nobody there.
And um,
we had to hunt.
It's called a traditional land native land.
You have to get permission from the aborigines to hunt it.
And w what did,
I was told it's probably only 50 white men and ever been there just because
it's,
it's wild country.
It's just where they live.
But nobody's in the village and we don't know why I was abandoned or whatever,
you know?
So I guess if an elder dies,
they will leave.
They think there's bad spirits in the village,
so they just leave everything and take off.
So we don't know for sure why it was empty,
but we were just there by ourselves and we just basically slept on the porch of
this hut out there.
And uh,
we didn't Adam who,
uh,
who was went out there with,
he was like,
you know,
when we took a helicopter out there is the only way to get there.
It was a four hour helicopter ride.
And,
uh,
I said,
do we want to get any food?
He's like,
he was,
I think it would be better if we just lived off the land.
And I'm like,
okay,
that's,
yeah,
that's cool.
I didn't know what was out there for sure.
It turns out there's not much.
And so that was,
that was not the best idea to try to live off the land.
Luckily another guy,
uh oh.
And when,
and he did bring so food,
but still we didn't have hardly have any food.
I mean I had a granola bar and it had some trail mix from the airport and um,
Adam had a granola bar and then Owen,
he brought some apples and oranges and stuff like that.
But all that stuff was gone fast and we were out there five full days.
It was 120 degrees Fahrenheit out there.
And the water was like,
it looked like this coffee.
I mean cause about the buffalo lived in it and they just piss and shit.
Hell yeah.
Just nonstop.
So you know,
we would,
we'd have to treat that water.
Oh,
you drank that water.
There's nothing else.
Oh my goodness.
So it was a process we had as buffalo piss tastes like.
Exactly.
It's surprisingly,
it's not that good.
Now.
Do you put it through filters?
Do you use g boil it like we,
here's what we did first.
We poured it through our shirt.
Okay.
I tried to get the big chunks out.
Right?
Like an Owen brought back some water on time and he's like,
what does this smell like?
And I was just like,
oh my gosh,
smells like Buffalo Pis and you knew you're going to have to drink.
So we put it through the shirt and then we did it through a pump.
Adam had a pump and then he had a steripen what kind of pump?
A water,
you know,
it's for filtering water.
Okay.
Yeah.
I don't know what kind it was,
but it,
it filters through like a pump system.
Yeah.
You carbon,
right?
Yeah.
It's a filter that's supposedly cleans water.
So then we had a stare,
a pin,
which is a UV light that also cleans the water.
And so we had the shirt,
the filter,
the stirrup pin,
and then he's like,
okay.
So we got all that.
Now what does it smell like?
And isn't it like a cup like this?
And I was like,
oh,
mine still smells good.
It smelled no different.
So we drank that.
Oh my God.
Like that.
It's like that.
Like it was boiling it.
Nothing.
Oh my God,
she drank straight buffalo piss and shit too.
Right?
Yeah.
What about the bacteria and you know like that stuff that you get,
like when you drink a stream water,
what's that called?
It's a real common giardia.
Giardia.
Well that's what that stuff was supposed to kill or take out.
Wow.
Yeah.
So Adam,
he was,
he like took a drink of it and he was kind of went into convulsions a little
bit.
He's like,
he's like my body's rejecting it.
And uh,
it was just nasty.
And then,
then there was another time.
So we,
we found this,
uh,
we found some hamburger patties that were from the natives there.
They had the freezer actually the government or whoever it is comes in there and
they put power and,
and water their solar power cause it's so,
you know,
it's hot and sunny down there.
So there was a freezer and it had some hamburger,
hamburger patty.
So we stole those and we're cooking those up.
So we're down to like one last patty and I had it,
I took it cause I had no food and I had it in my trail mix bag because I had no
more trail mix.
So I had it in there and I had one cook hamburger patty and I remember we were
sitting there and we just drank a big old vat of buffalo piss water.
And I'm like man,
you know what would go good with this?
Is that hamburger patty?
So I ended up my backpack and I pull out my trail mix with the hamburger bag
with the hamburger patty in it and it's just solid ants.
Ants are all filled up and it's this amount like regular little cool
black ants like we have here.
It's just red mean whatever aunts and just all over in my backpack,
all over that patty.
But so all I did,
I just blew off,
scraped them off,
blew him off the hamburger patty and ate it.
Why didn't you just eat the ants too?
We should have.
Yeah,
if they weren't totally against her.
I mean you drink it,
buffalo pass smells,
we'll eat some ants.
But,
but you know,
here's the thing is,
you know,
experiences like that is,
that's where you appreciate,
you know,
I don't know how good we have it because you,
you realize all that,
all that matters is she got something to drink and something to eat.
That's it.
Yeah.
You have to keep your body alive and there's no other way to know.
And so you get home and you see people complain about,
Oh,
there's no ice for this water.
I got to drink this warm water.
I'm like,
that water looks pretty damn good.
I mean,
I've drank some nasty water and I'd take that,
you know,
so it just puts everything in perspective,
you know?
And you have to make sure that you're not getting dehydrated too.
So you have to drink a lot of that piss water.
Yeah.
You do.
What kind of rocket diarrhea did you guys develop?
I just,
I need to know because it must have been like some broken fire,
hydrate type diarrhea.
No,
you didn't.
I must not.
I mean we must have got it pretty clean.
You must have a strong constitution.
I guess,
so now the buffalo itself,
you said that you guys ate that we'd had nothing else to eat.
And when you were telling me about this before the podcast started,
but for the folks at home,
uh,
w what was that like?
Yeah,
it was a,
so the backstrap is typically the best cut of any game animals right along the
spine.
And there's no bones and it's just big solid meat.
And it's usually just like an elk that's like,
it's good as it gets tenderloin.
Yeah.
And so,
um,
we cut that off and we'll cook that up in these buffalo,
so cut that up and cooked it up.
So I'd take a bite and I was shooting my boat's middle of the day and uh,
I was shooting for probably maybe a half hour,
came back,
still chewing the same bite.
And so the thing about these buffalo,
cause there's no predators and we were trying to kill the biggest bulls out
there.
Um,
book could be 30 years old.
Anything,
any animal that old in those conditions and the muscles are going to be,
so it's muscle you're eating,
the mussels are going to be,
you know,
whatever.
Just not very pliable and yeah.
Dense.
And so I chewed that one bite of the premium cut for half hours.
Like you know,
eating a shoe.
So how's it,
what about the Oregon?
Did you eat the liver?
No.
How come?
No,
I never yet.
You don't like liver now you don't like liver like from a deer?
No.
Really know why.
I don't know man.
That's my favorite part.
That just filters all that crap.
It's so good for you though.
No,
that's a good job of filtering the crap.
I'm not a liver guy.
That's interesting.
You know the,
the Alpha wolf is the one that gets the liver when they take out an animal.
Reconsider.
Yeah,
that's true.
Yeah.
The Alpha Wolf,
they battle over who gets the liver in the,
that's how they determine the Alpha status of the pack is the,
the wolf.
Who's the baddest motherfucker if the one that eats the liver.
There was a documentary on this guy who lived with wolves.
There was an a,
an um,
there was a contained area,
uh,
I forget where it was,
I forget what part of the world,
but this one guy lived with these wolves in this contained area and he was the
Alpha.
And the way that he became the Alpha is he was with these wolves since they were
little and he would always eat liver in front of them.
So he would have an animal that they would give to these wolves and he would put
a liver inside of this animal and he would like open up the Ziploc bag,
pull this liver on eating in front of them.
So they knew that because he was eating the,
the,
the liver,
he was the Alpha.
Yeah.
Well he went away because he had to deal with,
um,
there was a local farmer that had a wolf invasion,
the wolf,
we're killing his livestock.
So this guy had to assist this farmer.
And one of the ways he assisted them and he set up all these speakers where he
had a house like he set up like as if there was like a new pack that in
encroached into this area and he uh,
set up this whole elaborate thing to try to ward off these wolves without having
to kill them.
And then,
you know,
some time went by several weeks and he went back to the,
uh,
the,
the wolves and the new Alpha was there.
So he had to beg for his life in front of this new alpha.
He had a whimper and he had a like,
really it was really intense because it was baring its teeth.
It was challenging him for the Alpha position.
And so he had to get out of it by being a bitch.
Cause normally wolves will Duke it out and find out,
well,
oh you're the alpha now.
Well let's see what's up bitch.
And you know,
they would Duke it out to see who this wolf was determined to eat that liver.
So he had to,
like,
they had a fight for his position in the pack by begging for his life.
I like,
that's what I do.
Like how simple life is in the mountains,
you know what I mean?
I mean,
there's one leader,
there's,
it's just that's the,
you know that when I was young I liked being back there because I didn't have to
worry about,
you know,
whether somebody liked me or whether I had money or whether any help from
anybody.
It was just like so simple and so cut and dry,
just like that.
There's one alpha wolf enemy either.
Are you tougher or is he tougher?
You know what I mean?
And that's,
I just liked the,
how black and white the mountains are,
you know,
if you're not tough,
you die.
Yeah.
That's,
that's great.
If you're tough.
That's true.
Yeah.
If you're not tough,
you want to get back home to the Internet.
And I'm like,
fuck this place man.
I need air conditioning.
I need a blanket.
I did,
you know,
I did a commercial with the wolf for under Armour this.
Oh,
I dunno,
we filmed it last year,
but,
uh,
I thought the best ending to that commercial would have been if I could have
killed that wolf,
because is this like how it went is me and the wolf river running through the
woods,
we're both doing the same things.
And um,
and then the commercial ended with me.
I had a bull elk had killed,
but we just took the rack up there,
but I had it on my pack and the wolf came up and he saw me with that bull elk
and it's like I won because we were both hunting the elk,
but I got it.
And so the wolf jumped up on the slog and he snarled and was not happy.
And I thought,
I said,
man,
this the best ending to this would be if I just erode that wolf to excuse you
got to kind of infer that I won.
But man,
that would,
that would still tell the story right there.
Well that that would really like send it home for under armor though.
People would boycott,
they would stop killing wolves.
Is this the commercial play it,
yeah,
that's it.
Let's hear the volume with preparation and the right gear.
You can become nature's equal.
That's even better.
You're like,
bitch already won.
Yeah.
That doesn't look at your real wolf though.
That's what role will don't belong.
It just looks like bitch ass trained walls.
Yeah.
Oh,
that was a train wolf.
But it was an actual real trained wool.
A real wolf.
Not like a hybrid.
No,
no,
no.
That was,
and that,
that wolf actually,
so it was that wolf had been in like the twilight movies,
you know,
I mean it's,
it's sort of a famous wolf,
but uh,
um,
the thing about it is to make it snarl like that.
I took some elk stake up there and uh,
I was going to give it,
I was going to give it some elk after it did this whole thing,
but to make it mad like that,
you had to give it meat and take it away,
give it meat,
take it away.
And they said,
they said,
okay.
Yeah,
we,
the trainer said,
okay,
we can make it mad and snarl.
Like you'd need for the commercial.
But,
uh,
once we do that,
we're,
we're done.
Cause it's going to be pissed off for the whole rest of the day.
So that was the last thing.
So the,
that wolf had been,
um,
I think they had it since he was five weeks old and it was 11 years old,
but still crazy.
Yeah.
I mean,
no wolf.
Yeah.
I mean you don't,
they have that in them.
So it was pretty,
it was pretty cool.
Yeah.
I had a friend who had a hybrids,
they weren't even full wolves.
They were like,
you know,
seven eighths will for something like that.
But he had them and they got away from him.
They got,
they were in his,
uh,
his yard and they went over to the neighbor's property and killed like something
like 18 sheep or something like that.
Just went on a just an orgy of murder and just slaughtered this guy sheep.
Yeah.
You know,
and then,
uh,
you know,
the ranch or comes over pissed at him and he tried to deny it,
gives us blurbs,
a bath.
And I'm like,
come on man,
what the fuck else is going to kill 18 of them?
I'm outline's going to kill one and eat it.
Now.
It's a well fed wolf dog that's going to go on this mat orgy of murder.
Yeah,
I've read a lot.
You know,
I've always been a fan of wools,
which is kind of cool to do that commercial with the wolf.
But you know,
I read,
you know,
call the wild and I was a kid and white,
all that.
But um,
um,
that they,
I read a lot about wolves and they're the one of the only animals that will do
thrill killing,
you know,
just kill a bunch of things just to kill them,
whereas other animals usually kill just what they eat.
Yeah.
The um,
had a problem with that recently at this a ranch in Montana where these,
uh,
this pack of Wolf just got a hold of these calves and just slaughtered a bunch
of calves.
Like,
you know,
a ton of them,
like,
you know,
12 calves and just left him,
I mean eight part of them,
but left a lot of them just sitting there dead,
frozen.
And it's,
it was a really creepy scene.
It was on a television show that I was watching.
And when they're,
you know,
these calves that are mostly covered in snow,
you see their bodies and you really see this,
the havoc that these things,
they're,
they're too close to people that's fucking walls.
You know,
they're creepy in a weird way.
They're smart,
they're sneaky,
they're strategic in how they kill things and then they do this thrill killing
thing.
Yeah,
no,
I mean,
and you can't blame a wolf.
That's just how they are.
But we don't need a bunch of them running around the mountains.
I mean,
yeah,
people have a weird relationship with them because they look so much like dogs,
you know,
it's a strange sort of a,
a relationship that people who love wildlife have that they would be cured of
really fucking quickly if they are out there in the woods and they saw a pack of
wolves because they would realize,
oh,
these are monsters.
These,
these are the things that they made little red riding hood about.
This is,
this is the big bad wolf.
Yeah.
Like there's a reason why all of those children's stories involved evil wolves,
because wolves eat kids on a regular basis back then.
Well,
it's people,
there's not realistic about it.
And I mean a wolf that they're just looking for something to kill.
Yeah.
Whether it's your baby,
you,
yeah.
You a deer,
you know,
and people,
just like a Timothy Treadwell up in Alaska when he was living with the bears and
he thought,
Oh,
bears are my friends.
You know this?
Hello mister chocolate.
Yeah.
They ate him and his girlfriend.
And it's just like,
they're not your friends,
not even slightly.
No,
they,
the only reason why there aren't eating you is because they don't eat you every
day.
So they're not used to seeing you as food.
That's it.
That's all it is with wolves.
They'll like this motherfucker might have a bang stick it like circle you are
looking at what's that thing in his hand?
Yeah.
I might go bang.
If they've heard the bang stick a few times,
then they go running.
Yeah.
I uh,
I'm not a big fan of wolves.
I am a big fan of wolves and I'm not a big fan of walls.
Like I'm a,
I'm a big fan as far as them,
like just like I'm a big fan of lions.
I think even mountain lions,
I think that fascinating.
Just wild animals.
Wild predators are absolutely there.
They're chanting in a way.
Just this idea that this thing exists along with us with our lattes and our
electric cars and our Wifi along at the same time.
If it's very same moment we're doing this podcast,
there's some gangster ass mountain lion in Arizona right now getting shit done
on a mountain.
Yeah.
Sneaking up on some ram or whatever the fuck he can get his teeth onto.
And that's what he does every day.
And there's thousands of them,
not just one.
There's a whole community of mountain lions and there,
that's what they do,
whether it's the wolves in Idaho that are destroying the elk because they're,
they're really,
really fascinating.
But people were anti hunting need to understand that just because a lot of
people don't like to eat mountain lion or these,
cause nobody eats wolves.
You still need to kill those things.
And it's important because if it doesn't happen,
they're going to creep into civilian areas the same way they used to back in the
day when they were writing those little red riding hood books.
Yeah.
I've told this story in the podcast before,
but I'll tell it again.
In Paris and the 14 hundreds wolves killed 40 people in Paris like they had a
corner wolves in the streets of Paris and,
and kill them with spears and sticks and rocks.
Yeah.
Like they're not to be fucked with this.
This is not,
they're not your dogs.
This is not a beautiful animal that you know,
has a relationship with.
I mean,
even the way we treat like killer whales,
killer whales don't kill people in the wild.
They actually help people that fall out of boats.
You know,
the killer whales might be a friends.
We should probably be way nicer to show.
Well then we at a wolf.
Yeah,
that's true.
Yeah.
There's something about hunting a Predator,
you know,
I mean,
I've done a lot of bear hunts and I always up in Alberta this year and know,
you know,
a lot of people bear hunt and they'll,
they'll like sit up in a tree,
stand this and that.
I'm like,
I said,
I want,
I want to hunt,
I want to hunt a Predator and they're seven foot black bear.
They're huge,
but I want to be on the ground.
I was up there with John Rivet in,
uh,
in Alberta.
I said,
I want to be on the ground living amongst them and there's something about,
and so we did that.
This is,
you are here and you cook in here.
Oh,
that call that bear crack.
Yeah.
So you bait them up there and um,
there's so many bear up there.
You can kill two.
There's just like tons of bear.
You need to manage that number.
But uh,
so that bear,
we call it bear crack because once they get hooked on the crack there,
I mean,
they're coming in
and what is bare crack with what do you,
what's in the,
what do you,
what do you mix it in there?
Marshmallows and Jello and stuff like that.
Just something that smells good but,
but those bears get,
yeah,
just kind of get it wasting in the,
in the air and then the smoke goes off through there.
But uh,
um,
I wanted to,
I want it like that bear was probably,
God,
what was that like?
Maybe 12 feet.
Yeah,
we'll pull that video up again.
Jamie.
Look how close.
Look at Ferris.
That's a big pair too,
man.
Yeah,
that's a good bear.
And we should point out probably the black bear are much less likely to attack a
person than a grizzly.
Yeah.
That,
I mean,
they'll buy,
the thing is with a wild animal,
they'll do whatever they want.
Yeah,
I mean,
yeah,
you can follow the book.
No,
I mean you might get attacked and you go,
hey,
you're less likely to do that.
You know,
it doesn't matter.
So you never know a bear,
a bear comes and they make any animal make a decision right then on what they
want to do.
You know,
if it's a predator,
if it's a,
a dominant Predator,
dominant bear are more likely just to come walk in right in like that and just
say,
you better leave cause I'm coming in.
And those,
those are the ones,
I mean those are the ones I go after.
I want the,
the dominant animal.
And uh,
and that one,
that one wasn't like one of the giant that was a big bear,
but not one of the giant bear.
But there's something about being on the ground,
eye to eye with a,
a Predator like that.
That's a,
I mean,
that's just what I like to do.
So you pass on that bear because it was too small.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's a big pear.
Yeah,
that was,
but it wasn't seven foot,
400 pounds.
Like the ones that I got.
Well,
how big was that when you think that was like s probably six foot,
maybe two 50 or two 75.
Wow.
No.
Why do you want the dominant ones?
Um,
there that,
you know,
there's older,
sometimes those old bores don't breed as much as they used to.
Um,
a lot of the old bores,
you know,
especially a dominant bore will kill other bear.
So even if it's an own cup,
I mean,
it breeds a lot of sounds,
you know,
when they're in their prime.
So the Saudis have cubs a dominant blur will kill the cubs because he's trying
to eliminate competition for him,
you know,
so he'll kill his own cubs.
That's just how it works.
And they eat them too,
right?
Yeah,
they can,
they eat them.
I mean,
I've,
I had this,
we were on Prince of Wales Island.
That's where this video is right here at Prince of Wales Island.
One time or no,
no,
that's,
this is Alaska.
This is a Prince of Wales.
But,
uh,
sky hit this bear and we can't write at dark.
We came back the next day to recover it and the dominant bull or had eaten his
bear.
That's just,
they are just,
I dunno,
it's just survival of the fittest basically.
So those,
so you want,
we take those dominant bores out of there and it pretty much helps the health of
the,
of the herd basically.
And not the heart,
but the numbers.
Bears aren't heard,
but whatever the,
how many bears are there,
it'll,
it'll help,
you know,
taking that big nasty dominant one out of there.
And then that's,
you know,
I dunno,
I,
I just don't need to kill,
just to kill,
you know,
I've killed,
when it first started,
I,
I killed anything I'd have a chance at.
I just wanted to notch that tag,
taking me home to my family and to have success now.
I mean,
like I hunted back home for deer in Oregon and I didn't kill,
I passed up everything cause I never saw the animal that I wanted to kill.
I never saw the,
a mature buck one that I wanted to get.
So I just didn't kill.
I mean,
I don't need to kill.
I if I'm going to,
it's going to be something that,
you know,
I'm really,
uh,
I don't know,
infatuated with are just sold on.
I really want that.
So it was just a matter of you just,
did you see good deer?
You just didn't see a great one?
Yeah.
So good box.
Probably most people would kill him,
but I just didn't see the one I wanted.
What were you looking for?
How big?
Um,
like a big four by four.
you know,
kind of like,
like what you got there.
But this is black tail back to,
yeah,
this is in western Oregon.
So a good four by four black tail,
you know,
five years old.
Good mature buck.
And I just never had a chance at one,
so I didn't,
it didn't kill anything.
Now these bear that you're killing in a Alberta,
is that where it was?
Or Prince Alaska.
Is it,
where was it?
Prince of Wales or this last one,
like we showed that clip.
Um,
that was,
uh,
Alberta,
Alberta.
Are you eating these bears?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
No,
I eat everything I kill.
What does it taste like when you this big old bear chicken?
No,
no bear.
You know,
bear,
I've had really good bear and it used to be so like if you have a bear that's
living on berries and you get up there in the mountains,
you kill,
it's going to be really sweet meat cause it's eating blueberries or whatever
else.
If you have a bear that's coming in to bait and paint like some people bay down
here just with meat scraps or whatever might have maggots is probably not going
to be that good,
you know?
But those bare and Alberta mostly were,
there's a just grain is what we're putting out there.
A little bear cracks of those bear are really good.
Um,
I don't know what it tastes like.
It's more like it's fatter meat.
Maybe more like pork,
but uh,
it's good.
What are they eating for the most part?
Like with their diet consist of [inaudible] in Alberta,
man,
whatever.
They can get ahold of a lot of graphs.
A lot of grass.
Yeah.
It depends on the time of the year.
So,
but they'll take,
they'll take some oats over grass any day.
Yeah.
I watched this episode of a meat eater with Steve Rinella where he,
uh,
went for these,
um,
fall bears that were fattening up before a,
they would hibernate and they were eating berries,
they're eating blueberries.
And it was incredible because as he was cutting this bear open,
like you see the fat is actually blue.
Yeah.
It's got like a blue tint to it from all the berries that this animal had been
eating.
Right.
And he said it was just unbelievably good.
Good.
Yeah,
I know.
And that's,
you know,
you get those huge black bears or if they're eating fish,
like in Alaska,
if they're down downward,
like on Prince of Wales,
they can eat a lot of fish that come in and those bears are huge because of all
that protein.
I mean,
just,
it's sell about,
about their diet and they get giant because they're eating solid protein all the
time.
But those bears aren't as good,
um,
from fish for whatever reason,
they taste fishy.
Uh,
I dunno about fishy,
just not as sweet.
You know,
cause I've heard like diver ducks dive like there's two types of ducks for folks
who don't know,
there's duck city vegetation,
there's diver ducks and go under the water and eat fish and those kind of tastes
like shit.
Yeah,
yeah.
Now it's probably,
you know,
it's probably the same with anything you are with cheat.
Yeah,
exactly.
If you need a person,
make sure it's a vegetarian.
Yeah.
There's a Steve Rinella with this blueberry fat bear.
Yeah,
it's bad.
It's just like a berry.
It's almost half and liquid at room town.
Have you read old accounts from like pioneering Alaskans?
I mean not even that long ago.
Even back in the 1950s everybody
would want to kill a big fat bear in the fall like this on berries because they
didn't have butter and oil and they would kill these bears.
Take the fat,
just the lay by a winter's worth of butter and oil.
Wow.
I shouldn't call it border,
but you know,
something to subs too is bought or you can spread the fat.
Once you cook it,
you can spread the fat.
The other thing that's unfortunate is everybody can't do that because there's
literally not enough game for everybody.
If the entire country went hunting.
Yeah,
they're not going to eat.
It looks like I said when I started writing about my haunts in the mountains,
even people that thought they wanted to do it didn't want to do it.
I mean,
you,
yeah.
Not everybody wants to do that.
Yeah.
Well,
it's hard work,
man.
It's hard work.
I enjoyed it very,
very much.
But uh,
I'm not,
I'm not scared to work hard and I like new experiences.
So for me it was a,
it was very exciting and invigorating,
but
I could see someone who's a bitch who,
uh,
couldn't handle it.
Oh yeah.
No,
there's nothing easy.
Nothing easy about carrying all your gear or your survival gear,
trying to get an animal.
I mean it,
sometimes I've been on hunts even now that are so tough.
I'm,
I wondered how have I ever killed anything with a bow.
It just seems impossible to get in bowl range and make a good shot and then
recover the animal and it's just so tough.
Rinella was telling me about this Mousse that uh,
they shot where uh,
he had to carry it.
They did nothing but go out to this moose,
cut it up and carry it back for three days.
Cause it was like a nine mile trip.
Yeah.
So they would go to camp,
they would get up in the morning,
go hike out to where the Moose was,
take pieces of the Moose,
put it in their packs and then walk back.
And they did it for three days in a row and he said he wasn't right for two
weeks,
said his body was just broken down.
Yeah,
no,
that's a,
you know,
you earn everything you get out of the mountains.
They'll get,
they'll get it out of your one way or another.
And most people are just not going to experience that.
It's unfortunate,
but when you do do it,
the people that do do it,
they kind of,
one of the thrills of it is that most people are not getting experienced that.
No,
but I think you should be able to respect it.
You know?
That's the thing.
So it's not saying you need to do it,
but man,
it's not too much to ask to respect what it takes.
Do you find that people disrespect it?
Well,
I just think that they,
they minimize their,
just thinking like,
oh,
you know,
do you think you're a big man from going out and killing?
You know,
I get anti hunters who post on my,
some of my videos or you know,
from killing an innocent animal.
It's just like,
no,
you don't.
You don't even get it.
Yeah.
That's a weird thing that people love to say.
We love to say that,
you know,
you're killing an innocent animal.
There's nothing innocent about being an animal.
By the way.
You know,
animals are living by the wild.
I mean that's,
that's what they're doing there.
This,
there's nothing innocent about it.
It's probably the least innocent thing that a living creature does.
Yeah.
If they have to kill to survive and the animal will.
I mean that's what it's about.
Yeah.
And dealt by the way.
They'll run you over with those fucking antlers.
Oh yeah.
They'll make a charge at you and run those fucking things through you like a
shish Kebab.
Now I know it's so,
I just,
you know,
I just think so that's,
that's kind of why I like videoing the work and the effort and all that because
you don't necessarily have to do it.
I do,
but just respect it,
you know?
And that's the thing.
I mean that's,
I don't show all that for,
to try to,
to get respect,
but I just want,
you know,
people have an easier time with bow hunting for whatever reason.
Cause it seems like it's harder,
you know?
Then they'll,
they'll easily say negative stuff about rifle hunting because they say,
oh,
you don't have to be close or you can shoot from 400 yards or whatever.
But with bow hunting for whatever reason,
we get a little more of a pass because it is difficult.
So,
um,
and rifle hunting his heart too,
I'm not,
I don't want to say rifle on is easy because it's a whole different deal.
You're,
you're hunting in.
Um,
there's more competition with the rifle out there,
so you're competing against other guys.
Uh,
the animals had been hunted a little more so there will be more wary by that
time of year.
So rifle hunting is still tough and,
and those guys have my respect as well.
But just for the general population,
it seems like bow hunting and bone is cool right now.
Yeah.
I mean it's gaining in popularity.
It,
she has really.
Yeah.
It's just,
you know,
what,
what do,
do you attribute that to?
I Dunno.
Cameron Hanes videos online.
I'll,
me,
I did it all.
No,
I mean from a hunger games,
you know,
Katniss out that well,
it's just Kinda,
it's just kinda cool.
And then I get a lot of emails and correspondence from young guys who want to be
more Badass,
so to speak.
And,
and,
and bow hunting.
I mean,
shooting a bow is just cool.
Yeah.
You know,
well,
for folks looks
you don't even want to shoot anything.
They don't want to kill an animal.
You might be a vegetarian,
whatever.
You,
you might just be fine.
John Hackleman style,
go into the supermarket and buying your steak.
Nothing wrong with that.
But I really love archery and I've rediscovered it.
I did it when I was a kid.
I was in the boy scouts and I enjoyed it then,
but I never really got into it.
I just did it a few times and I always thought it was fun.
But man,
I'm,
since I picked up,
uh,
the,
this,
uh,
bow,
I guess I got it about a couple of months ago.
Um,
I really enjoy it.
I just enjoy shooting targets.
It's really fun because when you're concentrating on that target,
you're not thinking and nothing else.
It's very difficult.
You're trying to be steady and when you're trying to be steady,
there's something zen in that and went in that zen activity.
There's something that's,
it's cleansing or,
I mean,
I don't,
I don't know what it is,
but in order to really be accurate with a bow,
it requires so much discipline.
Yeah,
it does.
And that's,
you know,
getting out,
shooting a bow.
I like getting out in the summer,
uh,
shirt off,
listening to music just by myself.
I usually go by myself and just,
you know,
there's something about watching an Arrow arc and drop into the target and
that's just,
I don't know,
it's powerful.
It's relaxing.
It's as in like,
you know,
like what you mentioned and um,
I think people see that and then you look at the Bose and the bows look cool.
You know,
everybody there,
you know,
you'll,
you'll get into it also by your Arrow is like your signature.
So everybody has their Arrow and it's got their colors,
you know what I mean?
And it's got,
you can get custom wraps on it.
So I have wraps that say fear is a liar and Fletcher say beast mode.
And so your Arrow becomes,
you know,
everybody,
if you walk in someplace and you're shooting with other guys,
everyone's looking at your arrow.
It's just kind of cool.
So you can customize people,
they see their bows and they take a lot of pride in how they're both set up and
everybody believes that their setup is better than the next guys because for
whatever reason,
and it's just,
you know,
people get so invested in,
in archery,
it's just,
I dunno,
it's powerful in,
like I've said before,
bowhunting has changed my life.
I mean,
I went from,
from a kid who had no direction basically to now I know exactly what I want to
do and who I want to be.
And it's,
you know,
allowed me to get on talk to Joe Rogan here in La.
Bow Hunting.
Is that,
that's just,
I mean,
that just seems crazy to me.
So it's,
uh,
it's,
it's just a powerful deal.
And you're wearing an under Armour shirt,
man.
Under Armour sponsors you,
I mean,
they make your shirts,
they do just that alone.
You're in an under Armour commercial with a wolf.
Yeah,
no,
under armor.
They've been my longest sponsor and I think,
I think they told me I'm their,
their longest tenured professional athlete.
Really?
Yeah.
Nine.
Incredible.
How did you get involved with that?
Um,
it was actually,
we were at shot show like,
so 10 years ago I think,
and I walked by their booth and they had a,
there's a picture,
Randy White,
he was wearing under Armour and the headed in their booth.
He standing out there with a bow,
you know,
Randy White played for the cowboys,
Superbowl MVP.
And uh,
he had this bow and I'm like,
I'm going to,
Dang,
he's looks like a monster.
He's like 50 some years old and just veins everywhere.
Just a stud.
I caught my attention.
I'm like,
so I talked to Eric Crawford was the guy's name at the,
at the booth there.
And I'm like,
so,
uh,
how come you guys are here?
You know,
I thought you were sports,
you know,
just,
football and baseball,
things like that.
They go,
oh,
we're getting into hunting.
And all they had was like the,
the green or the Brown,
just tight stuff or hunting.
Just that first layer.
And I said,
oh,
that's cool.
So it just Kinda,
he had seen me,
I was editing this magazine called Eastman's
bowhunting journal,
and he had got the magazine so he knew who I was.
So just kind of started from there.
I signed on with them.
And they're hunting line now is huge.
Yeah.
There's a commercial that,
uh,
I make fun of,
when I,
when it comes on because it's so silly.
There's a,
all these athletes,
like there's this woman who's like a professional skier,
I guess there's all these different athletes do when all this athletic stuff.
And then there's the duck dynasty guy was big fat moon pie face.
And he's,
he's looking around and they're talking about athletes and he's blown his duck
call Mike.
That it's not an athlete that's willy.
You can't,
what's,
who's willing?
The fat guy's willing.
Yeah.
You can't make fun of them.
I think that's like against some sort of law.
Nope,
I just did.
He's a fat fuck.
And his,
he's got a big fucking dinner plate face.
He's big boned.
He's fat dudes.
Fat As fuck.
That dude couldn't go hunting with you.
He's sitting around waiting for ducks to fall.
This guy rant.
But it's just hilarious that when his fat moon pie face comes on,
no disrespect.
That's what it says.
Athletes.
Like they say the word athletes,
you know that we make clothes for athletes.
Like,
come on man.
No I don't.
They didn't call me for that.
They should call you for that is what I'm saying.
We,
you know,
do you think America is ready?
I mean,
look,
we have this duck dynasty show,
right?
So it's a reality show,
which is,
let's be honest,
it's not really a reality show.
It's scripted.
There's fake scenarios,
but the premise of the show involves hunting.
And I think that's fascinating.
Um,
I think,
I think the show is ridiculous.
Um,
but I liked the fact that it's a hugely popular show and the show's about
hunting.
And I think there's a real hypocritical attitude that a lot of people in this
country have because of the fact that food is so readily available because it's
so easy to just go to the supermarket and buy food.
People say,
well why would you want to get it yourself?
You must be a cruel person that wants to go out and shoot animals.
I think even though it's a baby step,
a show,
we're like a duck dynasty type show where you see these guys that are hunters
and it's a hugely popular show or 16 million people watching it now.
Whatever the hell it is,
that's good because that's slowly starting to integrate and it's okay cause it's
ducks and people don't really have as much of an affinity to docks as they do to
Bambi.
You know like a deer hunting show will be a little bit more problematic button.
They need to do a show with you.
Dude,
this is what I'm getting at a show with you out there and I'm telling them right
now they'll listen and trust me.
There's a lot of Hollywood people listen to this show.
The shows have been made because of people being on the show.
That would be a,
there's that fat moon pie face back that shit up.
Okay,
this come on son.
Rant,
rant.
Look at that.
Big Fat fit.
You are not an athlete,
man.
Got To look at that ramp ramp.
He's not a stud.
Look at that.
That's a fat man.
It's not as thought.
You're a stud.
That's a fat man.
I know you're being nice,
but you've got to cut that shit.
I mean,
it'd be a stud.
He's got the potential inside of them,
but he's eating fucking Cheetos,
his own pies.
His Dad,
his dad.
Um,
on that show on duck dynasty.
He,
he was an athlete at I think Louisiana state or something like that.
But his backup,
he's a quarterback on the football team.
Willie's Dad,
Phil,
and his backup was Terry Bradshaw.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow.
That's fascinating.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
But how come fills all angry at the gaze?
Got Real problems with the gays?
Yeah,
he does.
See right there.
He's right.
I heard was Phil Robertson and football.
I see.
He was a stud.
Yeah.
At one point in time.
Now he's a gay basher.
It's all angry about gays.
Kind of let go Phil.
They don't care about you.
You shouldn't care about them.
But you know,
as far as me being on the TV show,
so I a nice segway and change gears like how you did that.
That's professional.
That's how a good man in the media would do it.
No.
Uh,
so I have to turn in a contract today for a reality show here in la.
Yeah.
Really?
That's one of the reasons why you're here.
Um,
yeah.
Okay.
We'll talk to me about it afterwards.
I'm make sure they will fuck you over because things get tricky in the world of
reality TV.
Yeah.
Well this is just for the pilot.
Okay.
If you sign on for the pilot,
you sign up for the rest of your life.
I have a friend who they asked him to do a reality show and fortunately for him,
he,
uh,
he has his own business and he's doing well,
but it was his girlfriend's idea.
She wanted to do this reality show and he read the contract and he calls me up
on the phone.
He's like,
listen to this shit.
It's like they own my likeness for a life.
Like they own him for like,
like what they're realizing because of what,
you know from survivor to fear factor all these shows on cause they realize like
fear factor.
Michael Yo is probably the only person that I know of that became famous because
of fear factor.
And Michael you always a comic and he's on he really,
really nice guy.
But you're famous.
Yeah,
but I was famous already,
wasn't really famous already but it was on a sitcom and I don't know who Michael
Yo is.
So very nice guy.
He's a comic.
But my point was that like,
um,
I guess I,
I certainly became more famous because if you're a factor but fear factor,
we really didn't make too many stars,
but some of those shows made stars,
some of these reality shows,
whether it's the bachelor or you know,
of course like,
uh,
the uh,
singing shows like American idol made a lot of stars.
So they've realized that there's potential money to be made.
Once you're from,
you're on that show,
they make you a star and then you're a business,
you're a brand.
Well,
they want that brand.
So they,
they are some unscrupulous producers and networks there.
They have these all encompassing contracts that are insane.
Like you,
you're on this show and then they fucking own you and they can use your likeness
till the day you die.
I mean,
they own you forever and it's,
it's,
it's insane.
And people are like,
I'll take it.
I want to be famous.
Like they'll do whatever they can.
And so like if you went and did something else,
say if you did that and the reality show takes off and does well,
but or doesn't do well and then it gets canceled and then you wind up doing
something else and that becomes a,
they still own you.
They did.
The first guy still owns,
you tracked over there.
You need to look at it,
but you need to get a lawyer to look at it.
It's,
it's,
it's a tricky business.
This world of reality TV.
And they look at people as commodities and they look at reality as being
flexible.
So the,
their version of reality is not really reality.
I mean they're calling it reality shows.
But a lot of what you're dealing with is these people that were involved in,
in fiction,
they were involved in like sitcoms or dramas or what have you,
and they're producing reality TV now,
so they engineer it.
It's all fake.
Like they have fake setups,
fake scenarios.
I had a problem with the show that I did for [inaudible].
We're an editor,
put a fake seen in.
They put a totally,
they took a video,
they added sound to the video,
and they said that a listener or a podcast listener had sent this video and
total lie complete fabrication.
I found out about it and I went fucking crazy at a shit fit.
I couldn't believe they because especially my show was all about trying to find
the truth.
You know,
it was about Joe Rogan questions everything except this fake fucking video
apparently,
but it's standard.
That's what they've always done.
They've just been,
they do it because they think it makes a better they,
they call it creative license,
right?
They think it makes it better show.
It doesn't make it better show.
They don't have to do it.
It just,
they need to fall.
Cameron Hanes,
the bow and Arrow hunting for elk.
Yeah.
What will we call it?
I don't know.
Dealt with.
Well,
let's do it off the air because some of them fucking steal our idea off.
The air will come up with a way to do it with you.
Okay.
I've gotta be careful though,
man.
Don't get in bed with the wrong cats because,
uh,
this is,
this is a sneaky town,
you know,
and they know,
Oh,
look at this nice guy from Oregon.
He's a sweetheart.
Probably tells the truth all the time.
Poor bastard.
Probably.
He's probably honest.
Eat Him alive.
Yeah.
Out there hunting and everything.
No,
no,
no.
Go ahead.
We've got the contracts,
whatever,
whatever.
Don't worry about all that.
We gotta take care of you.
We'll take care of you.
I think that'd be a great show.
I've,
I've said that about Steve Rinella.
Show to Steven Ellis show,
in my opinion,
is that best hunting show on television meters are great show and it's a great
show.
Not just because it's a hunting show,
it's a great,
you know,
quote unquote reality show.
But it is a real reality show.
Like he got charged by a grizzly last night,
the episode that I watched,
like they were in the woods and they were,
uh,
they were actually bear hunting and a grisly mother with her,
her,
her cat,
no,
what did we call them?
Cubs.
Cubs charged her and charged them.
And it was fucking crazy.
See this giant grizzly running through the Bush at them.
It's like,
whoa.
Yeah,
that's tense.
And the narration,
you know,
Steve is a really well read guys.
He's very intelligent and articulate.
So it's fascinating.
He's an introspective guy too because the w the way he looks at these scenarios
in life itself is really interesting.
And him,
you know,
just talking about grizzly bears in Chicago,
talking about,
you know,
the,
it,
it becomes an interesting show outside of the fact that it's a hunting show.
Yeah,
yeah.
No,
no.
Yeah.
You could have a good show even,
you know,
where the kill is secondary.
This is it right here.
This is back it up so he could see it before she runs at them.
Cause it's,
it's kind of fascinating.
She that she was like circling around towards him and they started getting
nervous.
So where they,
where they grizzly hunting.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
But they didn't want the female obviously.
Yeah,
they're trying to spook her front of her
at all.
I mean all these to be called you're behind or like what's going on?
I will shoot kill this side was all
spins away and Callahan says,
I'll never forget.
I want to give them a tee shirt.
Was it him and his mustache and this said smell loss now 80 smells.
Now Lady,
that's a sentence that comes to Callahan's minute.
The grizzly bear changes his mind besides not the mall is referring to is as she
caught,
she gets down wind directions,
you know.
And so Ryan saying like now the wind will carry my order to realize that we're
people and we shouldn't be messed with and saw what he yells and us now lady,
you kind of are,
it's like immediate around with right now.
It seems like she would have known from the rifles going off too,
but well,
yeah,
well she heard it as she was running.
She was probably breathing and grounding and everything.
Yeah.
He's probably didn't know exactly what it was until it was too late.
They get pretty tunnel vision about protecting.
I think these shows,
uh,
there's,
there's an element of reality in a good hunting show that would be fascinating
on regular television and these shows,
a lot of them,
they're on the sportsmans channel,
the outdoors and network or you know,
these,
what channels you're show on outdoor channel,
outdoor channel.
And so these channels,
like a lot of people don't go to that area.
Like for me it's like 600 605-SIX-OH-FOUR-606 on direct TV.
And a lot of folks don't go to that area unless they look at it from Mexican
porn.
That's like a few channels.
So six isn't it six 18 or something?
Well there's a,
you know,
some Fox sports is a,
there's Fox sports two or something like that.
It's up there as well.
One of those,
you know,
some,
some sports channels are up in that area too.
But you know,
it's just a weird area of the dial.
And I think it's unfortunate.
I think,
um,
that's the untapped area.
I don't want to say this for Hollywood because these same fuck heads who make
fake scenarios are going to come in and ruin it.
But a show like meat eater or a show following you around elk hunting with a
bow,
there's so much drama and reality in that without having to add bullshit.
Yeah.
You know,
and someone's got to do something
like that.
I mean mediator does,
but someone else could do it too,
where you make a pledge.
Like there's going to be no lying.
There's going to be no shit.
This is all real real and it's great.
Yeah,
no emotion,
real,
real providing.
And you know,
I've had that pitch to me recently about just showing,
because just like the,
the train,
not only the training for the hunt,
but the,
um,
comradery,
getting out there,
like the challenges I do for my bow giving back,
you know,
just that is all part of the story and yet we're killing an animal at the end.
Hopefully.
Maybe not,
you know,
cause a lot of hunts and with no Keel but just the,
the whole journey,
you know,
and it seems like it would make good TV,
but Steve shows a lot of hunts that have no kills.
Um,
I liked that.
It keeps it real like that.
I hate that expression though.
Keep it real.
God expressions beaten up.
That is a beaten up and expression.
But the,
you know,
having that ethic.
Cause you know,
he had a mountain lion hunt.
They didn't even see him out in La.
They went for nine days,
didn't see one.
He had a,
a recent elk hunt,
saw a bunch of elk,
never got close enough to get a shot at one.
And you know,
I think that's important,
man.
I think it's important to show people that this is,
it's called hunting.
It's not called shooting right here.
We're going to shoot animals today.
Come on and watch us.
Oh,
people think that you drive out in the truck and drinking beer or whatever you
do and just see something and to shoot at it.
You know,
that's,
that's definitely not my hunting.
Well,
that is the problem that the public opinion of hunting faces is the ignorance,
you know,
the Hollywood helps that too.
Does it?
Yeah.
I mean,
just like a scene.
A Wolverine,
is that what you mean?
Right.
Yeah.
So I mean they're showing,
um,
supposedly hunters out there,
they shoot this,
I think it's actually wolverine as he was,
uh,
an animal,
but she,
him with the poison pot Arrow,
which I don't even have never even seen a poison pot arrow,
but so,
um,
has poison on the Arrow shoots him.
He turns back into Hugh Jackman or whatever,
and then he goes and he wants to,
he's a window.
You serious?
I think he misread it.
It was a bear,
but he found the bear.
Oh,
was that what it was?
Yeah.
He didn't turn into a bear.
No.
Well,
I thought it wasn't a shit out of people,
man.
Okay.
So how hard were you when you are watching this man?
No,
I was on a plane,
was probably in and out of sleeping,
but the,
but the point was they got this,
this Arrow out of the bear,
I guess.
And he went,
he found the hunters,
they were at the bar and,
uh,
they're drinking at the bar and he went in there and you know,
shoved the poison Arrow through the leader's hand.
And it's just like,
so it's just showing hunters as the bad people,
you know what I mean?
And it's just like,
that doesn't help anybody who does.
I've never been to a bar after hunting and definitely never use poison arrows.
It's just like,
it's perpetuating that stereotype.
Well,
yeah.
And not only that,
the way you shoot it,
the poisoned won't even get to him blow right through them.
Poison being the Arrow and the other side of town.
Yeah,
right.
No,
not even an effective way to transmit poison.
You know,
you've got to get it into the bloodstream.
when you're shooting a missile through a bear's body,
it doesn't work that way.
That is,
you know,
look,
these are Hollywood stereotypes,
these classic black hat villains.
It's just so easy to do.
It's just lazy.
Yeah,
that's all it is.
But so I mean,
yeah,
I think people just have the have the wrong idea.
And so having a show that would show that,
you know,
success on elk with a bow is around 10% so it's like 90% of the guys out there
pursuing elk with a bone Arrow are failing.
And a,
it's not guaranteed.
It is really tough showing that struggle.
And that's why,
I mean that's one of the reasons why I train the way I do.
I don't want to be in that 90% you know,
my goal is to be successful every single year.
So if you do with the average guy does,
you're gonna fail nine times out of 10 if you do more than average,
if you do more than anybody else or the the standard,
then maybe you'll have more success.
And so as it is,
I kill my bull every single year.
And it's just,
I think it's not because I'm any better,
it's because I just work harder preparing so well,
you've become better through hard work.
You become better with knowledge,
you become better with training,
with fitness,
with preparation,
with arrows shooting,
you shoot arrows every day,
right?
Yup.
So it was just,
you know,
and that's,
but if people could see how difficult it really is and see that,
you know,
like we did film in Australia where we have no food,
we have no water is 120 degrees drinking piss and drinking piss.
That I think,
you know,
that would make compelling TV because they're like,
wow,
this is a lot different than I saw in the wolverine movie.
You know?
And I don't know.
I think I,
I think it'd be not,
I don't know.
I think it'd be important to get out there because hunters are the number one
conservationists there are and sharing that story.
Yeah.
I,
I agree.
And you know,
some people find that contradictory.
It's like a,
I had a conversation with someone,
we were talking about,
uh,
people and I was saying,
well,
okay,
if you,
if you could only,
you know,
if you only hunted like one person a year,
but the rest of the people you made sure you fed them and you took care of them
that got great education and took care of their environment and made sure that
the streets are clean.
Would it be okay to go out and hunt one person?
Right.
You know,
people were like,
fuck no.
And so like when you apply that to animal hunting,
it's for a lot of people that's sort of the same sort of feeling they have.
But what they don't understand is as the apex Predator people don't like to
think of as us as the Apex Predator,
especially if you're a vegetarian or if you're an animal rights lover.
But there's a war going on between all lifeforms on this planet.
We are just so far ahead of the other animals that we forgot it's war.
And we forgot that we have these POW camps in our cities and we call them zoos.
Okay.
And that's what that is.
Those are prisoner of war camps.
That's what we dominate this planet.
And the reason why you can get out of this office and go walk down the street
and not worry about getting mauled is because we paved this motherfucker and we
killed everything that can kill us.
And we made sure that anything that comes in,
we call the cops and they sent helicopters and they fucking circle the area with
a flashlight until they find that cat and then they've tranquilize it and they
get it the fuck out of here we,
this is our domain and you don't like to think it's our domain because you don't
have to do any of the work,
right?
But the reality comes into full force.
If you're alone in Idaho with a bow and Arrow and you get circled by a bunch of
howling beasts and they're trying to take the elk away from you,
that's comes real clear then fuck yeah,
it does.
We are the apex predators.
Whether you're a Predator or not,
the human animal is the Apex Predator.
And as that we have to be the stewards of the land.
We have to manage this whole situation.
And that includes managing predators.
It includes managing game animals,
it includes the whole kitten caboodle.
And that's what hunters are.
That's what hunter's dollars do is they,
they put that hundreds of the grass roots out there,
feet on the ground,
making it happen.
And if you don't do that,
you know what the other option is?
You got to pay someone to go kill these animals,
which is even more ridiculous cause then you have to take taxpayer money away to
go take animals that are made out of food and you've got to kill them.
These are animals that people could have paid to go kill and then enjoyed the
food themselves.
Now you've got to hire it like what they're doing in the Hamptons.
You heard about that.
And you know New York,
they have oh dear,
massive deer population.
So they're hiring snipers.
They're trying to figure out what to do.
They might spend money on ready for this strap in birth control for deer.
If you're talking about spending hundreds of thousands of dollars to give dear
food with birth control in it,
to keep them from breathing,
they're made out of food.
There's plenty of people who would like to go and help them control those
animals and pay to do it.
Well,
the problem is that it's an urban area,
right?
And it's because they've been,
they've let it get so out of control that the surrounding areas,
you know,
where you would have a safe area where you can hunt,
especially bow hunt,
you can't do it.
So it's,
it's so crazy.
Like they're going to have to hire snipers.
They're gonna,
they're gonna have to figure out a way to,
I mean,
I,
you don't want the hunters roaming around in the Hamptons.
Right.
Especially mean,
I wouldn't mind you doing it,
but you know what I'm saying?
Like the average Yahoo,
the average dude,
you know,
you find out he can go hunting in the Hamptons and,
I don't know,
man.
I mean,
I think you should have to have like a black belt and hunting to go hunting in a
Hamptons.
Yeah,
I hear you.
Even then,
I don't know if I'd be really cool with you hunting near a playground.
Now you know your Arrow misses the mark and goes flying into some kid on a slide
arrow.
What?
Not Yours.
Right,
okay.
Meaning that other guy out there that doesn't know what the fuck he's doing.
I you,
I missed once,
but it's,
I bet you did,
that's a,
that's the reality of the situation is that we're the ones as the intelligent
creatures that can communicate.
We're the ones who have made an assessment.
We've made a detailed analysis of all the different animals and the numbers and
we monitor them on a yearly basis and folks who don't know,
they don't appreciate that.
I wasn't a hunter when I was young and I didn't understand hunting and I thought
there was something fucked up about it.
I would say,
why would anybody want to kill a deer man dealer?
Dear beautiful.
I was a fisherman.
I used to go fishing,
but that's where it ended for me because I can't relate to a fish.
Fishing for me is like tricking aliens.
Like they live in this water world that I can't even see in.
I throw something in there and pull it out and eat it.
Like I can't relate to them.
You know,
they're running around breathing water like I can eat you.
I got no,
you don't even take care of their young.
They just like you're,
you're,
you're on your own.
Get the fuck out of here.
It was a different thing for me.
So I can relate to people that can't relate to hunter.
Yeah.
That uh,
and I dunno,
I think getting down there to the boat shop and even just like you said,
shooting a bow,
you don't necessarily have to be a hunter,
but if you can listen to a hunter and kind of listen to their stories and listen
to it,
you don't,
I mean you don't have to go kill,
but a lot of guys learn a lot of good life lessons out in the mountains and
maybe you can pick up on that.
I like hanging out with the,
you know,
the,
the shop to set up your bow.
Yesterday or not yesterday,
day before,
I think was,
is the bow rack in Springfield,
Oregon.
And that's like,
it's like a bar with no alcohol as far as listening to stories.
It's awesome.
I love sitting on the stool picking things up from other guys and just hearing
stories and that's uh,
you know,
you don't have to be a hunter to,
to enjoy that and enjoy fire and a few arrows.
It's uh,
it's soothing.
Well,
people that participate in the same sort of discipline,
they,
they enjoy that camaraderie together.
They understand each other in a way that maybe other folks don't.
You get that from Jiu Jitsu Gym.
You know,
you get that from a kickboxing gym.
You get that from a,
you know,
crossfit studio.
You get that from anything that you do where the people can sort of relate to
this unusual activity that you partake in.
And a,
I think that that's,
that's something about archery.
You know when you go,
like the place that I went to the archery outpost in Los Alamitos,
there's a bunch of people around there talking about the obvious,
seen the new Hoyt,
you know they got a new cam on the Matthews and this has got it.
Oh they got to the Bowtech and 355 feet per second and blah blah blah.
You know all that shop talk and it's a lot of people are missing that sort of
comradery in their everyday life because most days from nine to five you don't
get to talk about what you want to talk about.
You have to talk about what you're getting paid to talk about.
You get to talk about what your job entails.
And for most people they're trapped,
trapped in this,
this world like you know,
unfortunately you said you are and some days I didn't say that.
Get this reality show brother.
Get cracking.
You be right up there with that fat moon pie face guy on TV.
Sounds good.
No duck style.
Just elk bugling elk and arrows and bears and everything stuff.
Cool stuff.
Yeah,
mountains.
Yeah.
Dude,
listen man,
this had been a really fun podcast.
I enjoyed it very much.
Thanks.
We're going to do this again.
Yeah,
for sure.
Thank you.
And keep me posted on this a reality show and keep us posted and if it actually
does come off,
we will promote the hell out of it.
Man.
Promo write pretty slowly.
So if anybody wants to find Cameron Online,
it's a Cameron Hanes on Twitter,
but he don't use that.
So you've got to find him on Facebook.
He uses Facebook,
but Facebook goes straight to Twitter.
Yeah,
it's one of those you don't even know your,
your Twitter Password Day somehow.
Magic.
Yeah.
Somehow a magic connection.
I had my,
I had my buddy Colin set that up for me.
Well,
they'll probably give it think you probably reset it.
I'm sure they can reset it for you,
but you should get on Twitter.
Two men,
Twitter.
Twitter is a,
it's a great resource.
I'm on Instagram also.
Oh yeah,
that's right.
And great photos on Instagram by the way.
You put a lot of cool stuff on Instagram.
Very inspirational.
You're an inspirational guy.
Uh,
I love your story.
I love your,
the,
your ethic.
I love what you're,
the,
the philosophy that you take in this life.
And I really,
really,
truly believe what I said.
That what you do is inspirational and it creates action that inspiration it,
it makes people do things.
It gives them the energy and the enthusiasm to go out and accomplish things on
their own.
And I think that's what life is all about really.
We're all in this together and I think that we all benefit from each other and
we benefit from fine examples of other human beings.
And I think you're an excellent example.
And I'll begin with thing and it's an honor to meet you,
sir.
Oh,
thanks for having me,
Jo.
Thanks.
And let us know.
And when you're doing a show on,
on,
on the outdoor channel,
and what is it?
Well,
I've been on team elk teammates,
that's where I've been appearing,
but we're,
uh,
you know,
I've had a number of people approach me about doing my own show and so just
trying to get that hammered out.
Then in addition to these reality shows that once some the hardcore hunter
character that,
so we'll see what happens.
Probably nothing will happen.
And then the,
the,
the something will happen.
Don't say nothing.
What if you want something to happen,
it'll happen.
Okay.
We're going to,
we're going to help you make it happen man.
Oh,
sure.
Definitely.
All Right Ladies and gentlemen,
we'll be back tomorrow with Aubrey Marcus.
Uh,
want to thank stamps.com for,
uh,
for sponsoring this podcast.
Go to stamps.com and use the code j r e to get your $110 bonus offer and thanks
also to one 800 flowers.com and check out their special limited time offer for
only 29 99.
You get 18 beautiful red roses and that is for a limited time only,
ladies and gentlemen,
that is only until Sunday,
February 9th at midnight.
That's 18 beautiful red roses for only 29 99.
Thanks.
Also to onnit.com.
That's o.
N N.
I t.
Use the code word Rogan and you will save 10% off any and all supplements.
Tomorrow we will be with Aubrey Marcus,
who is the CEO of on at.com and a real psychedelic adventure.
We will talk about life spirituality and he's a hunter himself.
We're going to have a good time,
folks.
We've got a lot of cool shit going on.
A lot of fun people next week too.
We've got artists and comics and Joey,
Coco Diaz and war machine is going to be here next week,
Aka John Copenhagen and we're going to have a good time.
We love the fuck out of people and we thank you very much for tuning in.
See you soon.